Open with paramedics rushing to Henry Taylor, who is still conscious. Jack calls the president and tells her Henry has been shot and Dubaku has escaped. Despite Kanin's objections Taylor is adamant she must meet her husband at the hospital. With the FBI still compromised Taylor agrees to let Bill and Chloe handle her security. Dubaku shows up at Marika's work and gives her a story about his passport visa having expired and fearing immigration has caught up with him. In part because Dubaku promises Rosa will eventually join them, Marika agrees to leave the country with him that night. Dubaku calls a man named Burnett and arranges a meeting to pick up flight arrangements for two.While Jack and Walker search the henchmen's bodies for info on Dubaku's exit strategy, Moss calls her cell. Moss begins chastising Walker for her Jack-like interrogation techniques with Vossler's wife and baby. It's clear she is still bothered by what she did. Jack gets an address off one of Dubaku's guards and the two head to an apartment. Marika arrives home and begins packing. With their young son in the backseat, Morris drops off Chloe at the field office. Moss assigns an angry Janis some mundane "busy-work." He tells her a consultant from Homeland will be working on the fire wall. Moss sets up Chloe in a conference room to give Bill satellite assistance and he takes a few shots at Jack. Chloe fires back that Jack is "the most trustworthy, honorable man I know." Given Chloe's background, Janis is suspicious about the work Moss actually has her doing. Dubaku meets with Burnett and picks up flight info for a trip to the Cayman Islands in a half hour. Spotting several men scattered around the lobby, Dubaku tells Burnett that if anything happens to him or Marika on their way out of the country he has arranged for bank records and names involved with the mission to be sent to the justice department. When Dubaku leaves, Burnett calls someone and tells them Dubaku was on to their plan to "take him out" and they must now get him to exile safely. While Marika packs she tells Rosa the man they know as Samuel (Dubaku) plans to take both of them to his home in Belize. Rosa says she doesn't trust him as Jack and Walker break down the door with guns drawn. Jack shows them a picture of Dubaku and Rosa confirms that they know him under a different name. When Jack asks Marika if she knows "what" Dubaku is she tearfully answers "he's everything to me."At the hospital the doctor tells Taylor that Henry had a pulmonary artery lacerated and is facing five hours of surgery. He says Henry's chances "aren't good." On his way into the operating room Taylor has a brief moment with Henry, telling him she knows he was right about Roger's death. Taylor asks Bill to get someone to bring her daughter Olivia (with whom she no longer speaks) to the hospital. Jack and Walker explain to a stunned Marika the true identity of her boyfriend. When Dubaku calls Jack has Marika answer as if nothing is wrong. Dubaku tells her only that a car will be downstairs to pick her up. Jack asks Marika if she will go with the driver so they can tail them to Dubaku. Over Rosa's objections Marika agrees to help them. Jack gives Chloe Marika's cell info so that she can follow them via satellite. We see Janis trying (and failing) to override the system to find out what Chloe is doing. Aaron Pierce is sent to pick-up Olivia. Initially angry that her mother is trying to bring her somewhere, Olivia breaks down in tears and quickly agrees to leave when Pierce tells her that her father is hurt. Using the knowledge of his affair with Erika as leverage, Janis forces Sean to give her an override device for the system. She explains that she's worried Chloe is there to replace her.Chloe finally establishes a signal for Marika's cell. Rosa makes Walker promise to keep her sister safe as they take Marika downstairs. After Walker suggests a possible way to notify them if there is trouble, Jack tells Marika not to do anything to raise suspicion with the driver. Marika leaves in the car just as Janis finally hacks into the system. With Jack following a mile behind Marika, Janis breaks in from a room downstairs. When a man walks into the room Janis is forced to severe her connection. This alerts Chloe and Moss that someone in the office was watching them and now knows exactly what they were doing. All of a sudden D.C. police surround Jack and Walker's car. As Moss tries to fix the situation they are pulled from the car and handcuffed. Chloe sees that a warrant for their arrest was just created from someone inside the field office. Janis quietly returns the override device to Sean, saying that she doesn't like what Chloe is doing. After she leaves Sean picks up a phone and calls Burnett. Sean has tapped into Moss's phone in order to slow down Jack and Walker. Burnett tells Sean about Dubaku's threat to expose everyone involved in the conspiracy. Burnett calls Dubaku and tells him Marika has been compromised by the FBI. When Burnett suggests having his driver take Marika out Dubaku insists that he will take care of her himself.
