We begin with Olivia testifying about Hodges' death. Woods tells President Taylor that no progress had been made on finding Hodges' murderer, but the attorney General's office is convinced the leak came from inside the White House. Taylor briefs military leaders about Hodges claims regarding a larger organization, as well as Tony's role in the day's events.Kim is still sitting with the husband and wife operative team in the airport. It looks as if Kim is at little suspicious of the couple. Husband Operative calls Cara with this info. Working on Cara's instructions Jack commandeers the truck which was taking Tony into custody. He takes Walker's gun and radio and has the driver exit the highway suddenly. Jack tells Walker about the threat to Kim. Janis and Chloe spot the truck break off on their computers and direct a helicopter to follow. Jack has the truck pull into a tunnel where Cara is waiting. Tony brings Jack along. When Cara questions the decision Tony tells her they may be able to harvest more pathogen using Jack's blood and organs. Kanin arrives at the White House. Pierce tells him about Hodges' murder and that he believes Olivia is somehow involved. Pierce convinces him to break into Olivia's office and access the recordings. Olivia finishes her testimony and walks back to her office. She finds Kanin. He tells her he was retrieving some personal files but she is suspicious. After letting him leave, Olivia spots the recording panel on the wall behind a picture frame. Olivia calls security and has Kanin stopped at the gate. After getting free of the truck Walker tells Janis and Chloe what is going on with Jack and Kim. Chloe connects Walker directly to a phone at the ticket counter at Kim's gate. Walker briefs Kim about the two operatives and tells her they will be the best avenue for finding Jack and Tony. Near the end of the conversation Husband Operative shows up at Kim's side. She heads back to her seat with her boarding pass. Walker has Chloe lock down the terminal but has her to make sure the police do not arouse suspicion. As Kim shows Wife Operative pictures of her daughter, Husband Operative notices security personal moving towards their terminal. A gunfight ensues, resulting in Wife Operative being killed and Husband Operative taking off with a gunshot wound to his leg. Kim follows him through a security door and down some stairs. Oliva questions Kanin in a remote room. When he won't hand over the digital card, she has him searched. The agent finds a card and Kanin is released. Olivia destroys the card as Kanin makes his way to the White House exit. Pierce meets Kanin and hands him a digital card Kanin had slipped him earlier. Kanin tells Pierce the card Olivia took from him was blank and that he has a player in his car. Two men in surgical masks pull Jack out of the car and drag him towards a makeshift operating theater. The biochemist tells Tony it will take 15 minutes to figure out how much pathogen is contained in Jack's spinal fluid. Tony tells Cara he wants a bigger part in the organization and suggests a meeting with Wilson. A gigantic needle is stuck into the back of Jack's neck. An upset Olivia calls Martin about her Kanin experience. He assures her no one will come after the president's daughter without hard evidence.Walker and her team arrive at the airport. Kim follows Husband Operative into a parking garage and alerts airport security after she sees him get into a car. On his way out of the garage Husband Operative is shot by a cop, causing his car to flop over and catch on fire. Kim goes into the blazing wreck and pulls out Husband Operative's laptop just before the car is completely engulfed. Kim tells Walker to have Chloe analyze the laptop. Kanin listens to a recording of Olivia speaking with Martin about Hodges. The chemist tells Tony he will be able to extract the pathogen from Jack by harvesting his organs. Even if the sickly-looking Jack were to die, he says, they will still have two hours to use his body. The only thing that would render Jack useless for their purposes would be exposure to extreme heat. Cara speaks with Wilson about Jack and Tony's role in the extraction. She puts in a good word for Tony and Wilson eventually agrees to meet with Tony in a half hour while overseeing Jack's transfer. The catch is that if Tony doesnt come across as trustworthy the super-cautious Wilson will have him killed. Jack turns the tables on his scientists, killing the three men and running out a side door.
