Jack Bauer's father Philip has fled to an offshore oil rig with Jack's nephew Josh in tow. Philip is preparing to give the Chinese important Russian technology. In exchange for this technology, Philip and Josh will be granted asylum in China.Meanwhile, Russian President Subarov is threatening to attack U.S. bases in Asia if the technology is not recovered. Vice-President Noah Daniels orders an airstrike on the oil rig that will destroy the technology before it falls into Chinese hands.Jack hears this, and refuses to let his nephew die. He and Bill Buchanan get a helicopter and fly to the oil rig. Jack cuts down the Chinese soldiers with an assault rifle and goes after his father. Bill captures Cheng, the Chinese agent responsible for Jack's kidnapping and torture by the Chinese government. Josh takes Philip's gun and shoots him with it, leaving the old man mortally wounded moments before the air strike. Jack finds the pair and takes Josh, leaving his evil father to die. The airstrike blows the rig to pieces, Jack barely escaping as he clings to a ladder on the chopper.Flying over the ocean, Jack drops off the chopper. Josh asks why, and Bill responds that Jack has business to attend to.Later, we see James Heller at his home, his daughter in bed in the other room. Jack shows up, confronting Heller. Jack is furious that Heller admonished him for being cursed, saying that every sacrafice he has made was to protect his country and at the behest of men like Heller, who then wash their hands of him. For the first time Jack expresses rage over being kept in China, accusing Heller and others of not doing nearly enough to help him. Jack says that he wants to take Audrey, who is still in a catatonic state, and flee with her.Heller admits that his words were harsh, but denies that they are false. Heller says that Jack has tried to quit his violent lifestyle before and is simply drawn back into it. Heller begs Jack to leave Audrey alone for her sake.Jack goes into Audrey's room. She is sleeping, and he kneels next to her bed. He tells her that he loves her with all his heart, but has to let her go for her own good. His heart broken, Jack kisses her and leaves the house. He goes to the edge of a cliff and watches the ocean as the clock silently counts down to a close.
