Open with Hastings briefing the team about Faroush and Kayla being held-up in the hotel room. Faroush is currently CTU's only lead on the terrorist plot.Cut to Kayla continuing to buy time from the bathroom. While she works on the window, Faroush gets a call from Samir who tells him about Marcos talking to CTU. Samir tells him to grab Kayla and get out of there.Cole and Jack are eight minutes from the hotel. Jack briefs the NYPD team that is securing the perimeter of the hotel.Faroush spots the cops outside his window and breaks down the bathroom door. He grabs Kayla and drags her out of the room.Despite Jack telling him not to, the NYPD sergeant on the scene decides to move in. Jack then orders the sergeant to have his men stand down. He does not and Faroush effortlessly kills three of them. Grabbing one of the fallen cops' radios, Faroush pretends to be the officer and direct the police to the wrong side of the hotel. Jack sees right through this and orders every exit to be guarded. A man pulls up in a cab and shoots two more officers. Faroush and Kayla hop in the cab and take off. Chloe/Arlo/etc lose the vehicle in an underpass and the couple escapes.Samir calls a shady looking character who appears to be working on the detonation part of the dirty bomb. The guy asks Samir how he will get him the rods. Samir answers: "It's been taken care of."PO Prady arrives at CTU to talk with Dana. She lies to him and says she met Wade a few days ago, got drunk and slept with him. The story she gives him is that she lied initially because she is engaged. He tells her that an NYPD friend of his told him about the robbery committed by Wade and Nick. When she tries to brush Prady off he threatens to talk to Hastings. He agrees to wait out of the way until she has more time to talk.At the UN, Hassan and Dalia are freaking out about CTU losing Kayla. Cole and Jack arrive and set up a command post in the belief the terrorists will attempt to contact them.We see a blindfolded Kayla dragged into an underground location. Samir tells her "the only traitor is your father" as they tie her up and place her on a seat in front of a camera.Samir calls Hassan and tells him if he wants to see his daughter again he wants 'File 33.' That, he says, is the price of Kayla's life. Hassan says he has no idea what he is talking about. Samir gives him a web address so they can see Kayla. He places a plastic bag over her head and says Hassan has 15 minutes to get the file before she will be killed. Hassan yells that he will get the file.Hastings calls and Hassan shows both him and Jack the file. It turns out to be a breakdown of the United States' anti-nuclear defenses and radiation detection capabilities. Should the terrorists get their hands on the file they would be able to get their dirty bomb into Manhattan. Jack tells Hassan they cannot let Samir have the file even if it means his daughter's life.Using audio from the video of Kayla, Arlo is able to get an approximate idea of where she's being held. They send teams to the area. The plan is for Hassan is to stall the terrorist, possibly with a fake file.Faroush tells Kayla not to talk and seems genuinely concerned for her well-being. She watches Faroush and Samir argue about killing Kayla. Samir is concerned his feelings are getting in the way. Faroush says he can handle it.While CTU searches for Kayla, Prady wanders over near Dana's area. He asks Dana about the fact the security cameras happened to be deactivated during the robbery and someone must have helped them. Since CTU has control over government feeds they would be able to locate the source of the disruption. Prady has a data request form from the NYPD and the info he wants would be easily transferred onto a thumb drive.Dana calls Cole and tells him "it's over." She says she's going to have to give Prady the information to try and protect him. He says she loves him and hangs up.Hassan seems resigned to the fact his daughter could be killed. Dalia thinks he can talk the terrorist out of it. With Hassan's deadline having passed, Faroush takes Kayla towards the camera. At the last minute he says "let's go" and the pair makes a dash for it. They get as far as the parking lot and one of the cars. He tells her they are headed for CTU, since Hassan is surrounded by traitors. Faroush puts her into the cars but is shot by Samir before he can get in himself. She speeds away from the scene alone.Hassan and Dalia aren't sure what has happened.Kayla calls CTU and tells them she has escaped and that Faroush turned against Samir and helped her escape but now he is dead. She describes enough of the building to Jack so Chloe can find the location. It is a closed bank. Dana guides a confused Kayla towards CTU.Jack and Cole arrive at the bank/hideout and find it empty. They reach a series of underground passages and have Chloe look-up the exits. Arlo then gets aerial video of the exits and they spot Samir and another man getting into an SUV. Chloe's facial recognition software indicates that one of the men is (gasp!) Faroush.Cut to Faroush and Samir leaving the scene. Samir tells him: "You did the right thing; she will die for a good cause."When Chloe tells Jack Faroush is still alive he realizes that Kayla must be unknowingly bringing a bomb of some sort into CTU. He tells this to Hastings and we see that Kayla is already in the tunnel under CTU. With Chloe following Samir and Faroush, Hastings rushes to Kayla's car. We see a device in the trunk counting down from about 20 seconds and Hastings yells that it is an electromagnetic pulse. The car explodes, creating a bright light and sending a high-pitched noise through CTU, which immediately goes black.When Jack loses contact with Chloe he turns to Cole: "We need to contact NSA. Terrorists just took out CTU."
