Open with Jack at the hospital with Walker's body. Eventually he gets on the horn with Chloe and convinces her to tell him where he can find Bazhaev, who may know who killed Walker. Chloe tells Jack he is at Federal Court in lower Manhattan.Kanin and President Taylor discuss the assistance of Logan in dealing with the Russians. Kanin learns that she agreed not to question the nature of Logan's leverage with Moscow.Cut to Logan meeting with Novakovich while he eats. Logan tells him he is aware the Russians were behind the plot to bring Nukes into New York City and kill Hassan and has proof. He says unless Navokovich brings his country back to the peace agreement bargaining table he will reveal what he knows.Jack sits in on Bazhaev's arraignment. Bazhaev asks for a break to talk to Jack. After threatening to kill his family, Jack gets Bazhaev to admit the Russian government's involvement. He doesn't know who shot Walker, but thinks that Dana does.Logan gets a call from Taylor saying that Novakovich told her the Russians will sign the treaty. Novakovich gave Logan all the credit and Logan pumps his fist. Kanin jumps on the phone and wants to know how Logan got the Russians back. Logan doesn't give up the information.Jack tells Chloe about his conversation with Bazhaev and that the Russian were using Samir. He says he is heading to CTU to question Dana.Chloe asks Cole to sit in on Jack's interrogation of Dana.Logan finds out that Jack is on his way to question Dana. He tells his assistant they must make sure Jack never speaks with Dana because that could mean Russia's involvement could be known and the peace process halted.Jack goes in to question Dana with Chloe and Cole watching on a video feed. Jack immediately begins punching her around and gets her to admit she knows plenty. She will only tell him who was responsible for Walker's death if he gives her full immunity.Taylor learns from Dalia that things are progressing well with her replacing her husband. Logan arrives at the UN and speaks with Taylor. He tells her they cannot allow Jack to question Dana. Eventually Logan is forced to admit to both Taylor and Kanin that the Russians are involved. Kanin is adamant they must not be involved with Russia and Dalia should know they were behind the murder of her husband. Logan makes the case that the greater good would be for them to bring peace to the region, even if it means dealing with the Russians. Taylor tells Kanin she is going to CTU to see Jack.Chloe gets a call from Taylor instructing her to make sure Jack does not leave before she arrives.Taylor thanks the CTU employees for their hard work before going upstairs to speak with Jack. She explains to Jack that she needs him to stand down and briefs him on the situation. She won't give Dana immunity because the treaty is more important. Jack points out that it seems like Taylor doesn't really want to know the full extent of the Russian involvement. Taylor says her decision is final and tells Jack he will be helicoptered to McGuire Air Force base for debriefing.On her way out Taylor tells Chloe what is happening and explains how important it is for CTU to help ensure the safety of the rest of the negotiations. Chloe has Cole take the lead on security.Chloe watches video feed of Jack being led to a chopper. A few feet from boarding, Jack takes a guard's gun and uses the man to take control of the helicopter. Chloe sees this and rushes to the helipad. She tells Jack through a walkie talkie that he is making a mistake and she will have to have the military force him to the ground. He ignores her and takes off low across the river.
