Open with the pilots from our plane starting to get bad information from Tony & Co. The real air traffic folks know what's happening and are trying to figure another way to communicate with the plane.After briefing Moss on Schecter's death and the search for the sniper who killed him, Walker is confronted by Jack with the possibility that there is a leak inside her office. Jack doesn't think Tony could have arranged a sniper so quickly without inside information. Walker isn't convinced.The air traffic controllers tell Moss they are working on contacting passenger and are 13 minutes from air force assistance. All of a sudden the controllers' screens lock up. Tony calls to tell them to watch the JFK landing strip as he diverts a plane to land at the exact same time as the one from D.C. With the two plans about intersect on the runway, Tony tells the pilot from D.C. to pull up and the plans miss one another by about 30 feet. Tony calls back to say the near-miss was just a drill, but does not reveal any demands.A super-shady character named Emerson arrives at Tony's hideout and takes Latham's module. Tony tells Emerson that Jack was the reason the FBI was able to get to Schecter and promises to "take care of" Jack. They are waiting for a person named Tanner to arrive, and it is clear Tony is unaware of the bigger picture.A White House spokeswoman announces the impending military action in Sangala, followed by a meeting between President Taylor and Sangala's former Prime Minister, Ule Matobo. Matobo gives the president his word that after the invasion Juma will be dealt with legally. After being briefed on Tony's demonstration of strength, President Taylor gives the go-ahead to begin grounding all non-essential flights.Our sniper, who turns out to be Tanner, calls Tony and tells him that he is trapped in the building. An FBI agent reaches Tanner in the basement, but tells him "Tony sent me" and gives him a SWAT uniform and directions as to the best way out of the building. Based on his wearing different shoes, Jack spots Tanner walking from the scene. Jack tells Walker that an agent must have helped Tanner escape and convinces her that the two of them should follow secretly until they know the extent of the corruption.Emerson brings Latham and the module to a high tech-looking headquarters where we see that Dubaku (Juma's No. 2) is behind Tony's air traffic hacking. Dubaku is preparing to make his demands known to President Taylor, with vengeance for his dead brother very much on his mind.As President Taylor is briefed as the potential danger of being able to penetrate the CIP death, civil unrest on a large scale, etc. Henry Taylor's primary secret service agent covertly calls Kanin and tells him he is with the first gentleman and they are on their way to confront Roger's girlfriend, Samantha.Janis tells Moss that both Walker and Jack are now missing from the scene of the sniper investigation. Walker is forced to give Moss a phony story as to their departure. Moss is aware that she's not telling the truth, but appears to accept Walker knows what she's doing.Moss immediately has Janis begin to triangulate Walker and Jacks position.Henry Taylor and his agents arrive at Samatha's work. A tearful Samantha tells Henry the money she received after Roger's suicide belonged to her aunt, a story which he does not believe. Henry begins to get angry and grabs her by the arm, at which point the agents hustle him from the scene.Tony calls Tanner and says his FBI source tells him nobody is aware he is no longer in the building. Tanner gets suspicious just before entering Tony's hideout (on a docked boat), checking the perimeter and being quickly grabbed by Jack and Walker. Jack shoots out the security camera and walks Tanner towards the boat. Tony's two henchmen and Tanner are shot as Jack and Walker make their way aboard.Tony is able to delete his laptop files and briefly escape before having a throw-down with Jack on the dock. Walker arrives with gun drawn to halt the fight, telling Jack the "device" is gone. With Moss peering down on the scene from a helicopter, the episode ends with Jack incredulously asking Tony "What happened to you?"
