Due to Chloe's hacking, the FBI folks are having trouble locating the van with Jack, Bill and Tony. Walker is particularly contrite to Moss about trusting Jack. Janis gets an ID on Tanner the sniper (who apparently survived his multiple gunshot wounds), a former special forces who sued the government after contracting Gulf War Syndrome.President Taylor and Kanin tell Moss they are pretty peeved that Jack, a man facing federal indictment, is now on loose with Tony. Kanin and Taylor's conversation reminds us that the U.S. has until 1pm to decide if it wants to comply with Dubaku's demands of withdrawal, a move which would likely doom 100,000 Sangalans to death. There are still more than 1,000 commercial flights in the air.Bill takes Jack and Tony to his poorly-lit headquarters. We learn it was Emerson who saved Tony's life, based primarily on the prediction that Tony was a likely candidate to turn on the government. Tony admits he helped Emerson's criminal operation for three years, and has just recently turned to the good when the CIP module and its potential for the death of innocent Americans came on the scene. Tony came to Bill when he discovered Juma and Dubaku's diamond money was behind the module plan. Tony didn't know how high the corruption went so Bill was his only outletJack and Bill agree that Jack would be able to help get Tony back in Emerson's good graces, and they tell Jack they are the only three people aware of the operation. Jack agrees to help, only because he says he doesn't trust anybody else.Tony calls Emerson and tells him Jack wants to help with the mission in exchange for help leaving the country. Emerson appears ok with the idea and gives them his location. Henry has a reluctant Agent Gedge help him find a vehicle for his covert meeting with Sam. Sean's wife calls him from her plane which is still circling in the air. He lies to her, saying their holding pattern is just a precaution. Sean snaps at a co-worker who asks how he is doing. Janis tells Walker that Tanner has regained consciousness and already called for his lawyers. The two leave for the hospital, hoping to question him before counsel arrives.In the car Tony tells Jack that Emerson has an extensive history with the British military in several conflicts, and that he prizes money and loyalty over everything else. Jack seems concerned that Tony is still loyal to Emerson. At the residence, Emerson asks two henchmen to take Jack downstairs so he can speak with Tony. Emerson tells Tony that Jack is too big of a risk and they must eliminate him. Tony asks a gun-brandishing Emerson whether he plans to shoot Jack and Emerson's response comes (all together now), "no, you are."Before Tony and Emerson get any further Jack turns the tables on the two thugs. He knocks out one with a head butt and holds the other at gunpoint as Emerson and Tony rush downstairs. Yelling to Emerson that the operation could use someone like him and that he no place else to go, Emerson lowers his weapon. When the thug Jack had at gunpoint is miffed Emerson sided with Jack, Emerson shoots the man himself, seeming to fully accept Jack. Using Moss' security clearance, Sean moves his wife's plane to the top of the security queue so it can land more quickly.President Taylor plays the recorded Dubaku demands for Matobo. The president is surprised to learn from Matobo that Juma's forces are closing in on a refugee camp made-up of 2,000 women and children. He also reminds her that there are a number of soldiers who deserted Juma and joined the freedom fighters based on the promise of U.S. support. After Matobo leaves, Taylor is upset Kanin neglected to give her info that might sway her towards taking action in Sangala. Kanin tells Taylor his recommendation is that they stand down and look after America's best interests.Emerson questions Jack as to why he came back to face the charges. Jack tells him initially wanted to come clean about his many digressions but now realizes it was a mistake. Emerson tells the group their next mission is to kidnap Matobo and deliver him to Dubaku for questioning (read: torture).Bill and Chloe hear this plan, but Bill determines ensuring Matobo's safety isn't worth risking their ability to uncover the conspiracy. Henry meets with Sam. She tells him that Roger's suicide was staged by the same people who faked the SEC investigation. She says Roger uncovered Swiss bank accounts linking an unknown senior member of his wife's administration to Sangala and hands him a flash drive which contains names and numbers. Walker and Janis go to Tanner's hospital room where he lies in critical condition. When Walker tells Tanner she can offer leniency in order for info about Tony's plan, Tanner says cryptically "they'd never let that happen." Walker gets word that Tanner's legal counsel is downstairs and convinces Janis to stall the attorneys while she gets a little more Jack-like in her questioning. Walker bends Tanner's breathing tube in half, telling him to "use your last breath wisely."In the hall, nurses spot Tanner coding on a screen and rush to his room, finding the door blocked. As they try to force their way in, Walker comes striding out and head for the exit with Janis. Walker calls Moss and tells him about the impending abduction attempt of Matobo.Moss calls Matobo's security detail and alerts them they should secure their charge immediately. As Matobo is being taken to different part of the residence, Jack, Tony and their crew arrive. They break-in but just miss the prime mister and his wife locking themselves in a safe room of reinforced concrete. A guard tells Emerson that the room cannot only be opened from the inside.Tony tells Jack "if we leave here without Matobo we lose our only chance at getting at Dubaku," as the episode ends.
