Open with Moss briefing the FBI S.W.A.T. team that will be attempting to rescue Matobo.Cut to Emerson beating the daylights out of Matobo's guard, who is insistent the safe room his boss is locked in can only be opened from inside. Moss is handed a memo stating the Attorney General's office is looking into Walker's questioning of Tanner. Moss calls Walker, who is on her way to Matobo's residence. She admits to the torture but refuses to return to the office. Inside the safe room Matobo and his wife discuss their situation. They feel that since Dubaku knows Matobo will never give up information on his allies, the plan must be to use harm against his wife as leverage. Via video monitor Emerson threatens to kill Matobo's guard if the two do not come out of the room. Seemingly about to pull the trigger, Emerson is interrupted by the guard's phone ringing with a call from the FBI. Realizing they are now under a time crunch with the feds on the way, Jack suggests concocting homemade gas and sending it through the room's air vent.While getting ingredients in the kitchen Jack tells Tony the risk of killing Matobo is worth it since getting him out before the FBI arrives is their only chance of getting to Dubaku. Jack sends his Ammonia-bases gas through the vent as Emerson explains the situation to the Matobos. A representative from the AG's office named Howell shows up at the FBI office wanting to speak with Janis. As Howell begins to tell Janis they are aware she assisted Walker's questioning of Tanner, Moss pulls Janis away to tell her they believe Tony's gang might already be at Matobo's house. Cut to Walker arriving outside Matobo's house. Inside the safe room the Matobos lie choking on the floor, appearing content to die instead of risk having to name names in Dubaku's custody. But moments from death Matobo's wife crawls over to the door and unlocks it as her husband yells "no!" The gang loads the couple into a big van. Walker sees this and calls in the information in to Moss. Just as Walker is suggesting to Moss that she get a plate number, one of Emerson's goons sticks a gun to her head.When Walker is brought over to the van, Jack and Tony talk Emerson out of killing her, suggesting they wait to found out how much she knows about their plan. Emerson calls Nichols at Dubaku headquarters and asks that he check out Walker through his sources at the FBI. Agent Gedge tells Henry Taylor he has a friend who will help them look at Roger's flash drive (which is supposed to contain info proving Roger was murdered). Gedge suggests telling President Taylor, but Henry says he won't go to his wife until he "can prove it."President Taylor tells Kanin she has decided to authorize the military operation in Sangala. Secretary of State Stephens comes in to brief them about Matobo being in custody. Both Kanin and Stephens believe the danger to such an important Sangalan leader should change the decision regarding military action, but Taylor wants to wait and see if they can recover Matobod in the half hour they have left until Dubaku's deadline. Sean and an agent named Erica make small talk which hints that Sean might be having an affair. The SWAT team has finally arrived at Matobo's residence. An agent calls Moss to tell him Walker was taken in the van and that her cell phone and weapon were left behind. Moss tells Janis he wants finding Walker to be a top priority for "everybody in the office."Nichols calls Emerson back saying Walker doesn't know anything else and should be killed immediately. Emerson tells the driver to make a turn toward an abandoned construction site.Janis tells Sean she thinks Moss has feelings for Walker. Dubaku is upset the Americans have not withdrawn their carrier. Nichols tells him the abduction of Matobo should change President Walker's mind and if it doesn't they can begin using to module to kill American civilians. Gedge and Henry arrive at Gedge's friend's apartment. Henry notices they are actually in Samantha's apartment, just as he sees Gedge putting on a pair of rubber gloves. Gedge explains to Henry that Roger "was looking into things he shouldn't have." "You killed my son," says Henry as he falls to the ground. Gedge has drugged Henry, telling him he will make sure Henry dies "quickly" just as Roger did. Gedge calls Vossler who is sitting in a car watching Samantha and tells him the plan will be to make it look as if Henry killed Samantha then committed suicide. Vossler gets Samantha into his car by telling her Henry sent him to put her in protective custody. Janis tells Sean about her role in Walker's questioning of Tanner. Howell is getting pushy with Moss regarding the investigation of Walker and Janis. Janis and Sean intercept Nichols' phone call telling Emerson to kill Walker and play the excerpt for a stunned Moss. The van arrives at the construction site. Emerson hands Jack a gun and tells him to kill Walker in a nearby ditch. The two walk away from the vehicle. When they near the ditch Jack whispers that he will get her out of the situation. Putting Walker on her knees in full view of Emerson, Jack intentionally shoots just behind Walker's neck as she pretends to take gunshot to the head and slumps forward. Jack kicks Walker into the ditch and throws a plastic tarp over. Problem solved? Not quite. Emerson tells Jack and Tony to bury Walker. As the final seconds of the hour count down, the two men cover Walker's face with dirt.
