In his comandeered helicopter, Jack is ordered by Air Force choppers to turn around and return to CTU. Instead he lands on a seemingly random building (with heliport markings on the roof) and takes off on foot. Jack manages to shake the aerial surveillance by walking under a tree.Chloe orders Cole into the field to help find Jack. She and Arlo will track him from CTU.Kanin informs President Taylor about the search for Jack. She's upset he could endanger the peace process and he points out that her covering up the Russian involvement in the Hassan assassination plot could be grounds for impeachment. Kanin advises Taylor to grant Dana immunity and use her evidence to expose the Russians. She thinks it will ruin the peace dead; he thinks it will save her presidency. Taylor asks Kanin to prepare a statement announcing their withdrawal from the peace accord.President Taylor tells Logan of her decision. Logan tells her the only way to save the peace is to classify Dana as an enemy combatant and question her "off the grid." He offers up a "discreet" security company that will "extract information" from her.President Taylor calls Chloe to asks about the search for Jack. She asks that Dana be transferred to a safe house off-site and informs her she will send over agents from a private security firm.Jack buys a few "burner" phones and uses one to call Chloe. He asks for access to Dana and tells her the President is covering up a terrorist act against the country. Jack says he wants only to expose the people who are responsible. Chloe tells him that Dana is being moved and Jack asks her to find out where she will be taken.Jack's next call is to old off-the-grid buddy Jim Ricker (Michael Madsen), looking for help with weapons.The security team, lead by Mark Bledsoe (DB Sweeney), arrives at CTU. Bledsoe calls Logan's assistant Pillar and suggests killing Dana after questioning her in order to make sure she doesn't give them up. Pillar says he'll talk it over with Logan. Chloe asks Bledsoe where Dana is being taken but he won't give up the info. She covertly manages to copy the electronic order for Dana's move. A terrified Dana is removed from CTU.Chloe calls Cole and gives him the lowdown about the conversation with Jack. She says she doesn't agree with Jack and is worried he'll get them killed. Cole suggests that maybe Jack is right and CTU is on the wrong side of things. Chloe tell the room she is organizing a sting operation to grab Jack.Jack arrives at Ricker's place. He provides Jack the equipment he needs and Ricker asks why he's being hunted. Jack calls Chloe and she gives him a presumably fake address where Dana is being held.Cole briefs his team that Jack is being led to a CTU safe house. Chloe calls and tells Cole Jack is ten minutes out and reminds him to use non-lethal force.Kanin brings President Taylor the statement she asked for. She tells him about the plan for Dana. Kanin believes she is taking the treaty personally and has lost her way. Kanin tells her cannot be a part of the process if she continues the current path.A stressed-out Dalia is finalizing her transition to president and working with the peace process. Kayla apologizes for objecting to her taking for Hassan.Jack calls Chloe when he arrives at the site. She helps talk him through the process of getting to where he thinks Dana is being held, while updating Cole. Cole gets a visual on Jack from inside. Jack arms himself to the teeth: submachinegun, grenades, etc. Jack quickly knocks out a guard and tells Chloe he has a visual on the room and is going to try and grab her. Inside Jack gets the jump on Cole and his team and disarms them in about two seconds. Jack, who has anticipated the trap, tells Cole to call Chloe and tell her they have him locked down and ready for transport. He does, and then Jack has Cole handcuff his men.Jack takes Cole aside and asks him to help him expose the Russian involvement and President Taylor's lies. Jack slides Cole a pistol and says "your call." Cole holsters the weapons and agrees to help.Kanin comes to see Logan and tells him it was Logan's involvement that led to his resignation. Kanin asks him to stop the cover-up, that there is too much blood on the treaty for it to hold up.Bledsoe asks Dana for her evidence. She says there is no evidence and he takes off his jacket to begin the interrogation.Prior to a public statement Dalia thanks President Taylor for her support. The President informs the press that peace will prevail "no matter the cost." Her speech is transposed over images of Dana getting water-boarded. President Taylor introduces Dalia to the group but has an uncertain expression on her face.
