Open with CDC dudes in hazmat suites processing Jack after his exposure to the weapon. Jack briefs a Dr. Macer on his knowledge of the weapon and is given an antibiotic.Moss asks Janis to look into Starkwood.The bioweapon and Tony arrive at Starkwood. Hodges tells Seaton he doesn't think Tony will talk and they must treat him uniquely. An underling says it will take two hours to get the weapon ready; Hodges demands it happen faster.Stokes begins beating the ever-loving heck out of Tony but he won't talk. Seaton takes Hodges aside and suggests, given the government's knowledge, they destroy the weapon. Hodges is not interested in the idea.Macer tells Jack he will need to be quarantined for another 15 minutes. The CDC is still running tests but Macer believes Jack saved lives by sealing off the damaged canister.President Taylor and Olivia discuss replacements for Kanin. Olivia supports a wealthy outsider. Taylor agrees to meet with him and names Olivia her interim Chief of Staff: "I need someone I can trust." Moss calls and tells Taylor that Jack was framed for Burnett and Mayer's deaths and Starkwood may have possession of a neurological pathogen-based weapon. Moss thinks they need to move quickly and Taylor orders her cabinet and the joint chiefs assembled.Moss comes to Walker and tells her all of the new developments, including Jack's exposure. He apologizes for not believing her in the first place and asks her to de-brief Jack. A teary Walker admits she should have trusted Moss all along.Olivia asks Agent Pierce to return to the secret service.In the White House Situation Room Taylor is briefed about the massive Starkwood complex in northern Virginia. An expert tells her the weapon attacks the human nervous system causing dementia, physical deterioration and eventually death. There is no cure or treatment for the disease it causes a variation of Creutzfeldt-Jakob and death comes in a day or so. Given Starkwood has 1,500 mercenaries and that using the military in such a way would violate Posse Comitatus, there doesn't seem to be an easy solution.Tony continues his silence when Stokes comes to his cell looking for info. Just as Stokes is about to kill Tony, he is shot from behind by Seaton. Seaton tells Tony "this has gone too far" and that Hodges has "lost his mind." Seaton promised to tell the FBI where the weapons are located in exchange for immunity.Jack is allowed out of quarantine and is shown the results of his blood work.Jack arrives in the FBI field office and tells Walker he has been infected. Macer tells Walker that the disease was designed not to be contagious. Macer tells Walker there is no cure but that they are continuing to run tests on the pathogen. Jack is "patient zero."In another room Walter apologizes to Jack and gives him an update on Starkwood, telling him they know nothing about Tony. She adds that he did the "right thing" by saving Carl back at the port authority.Hodges calls Seaton from the lab. He wants Seaton and Stokes down in the lab to help get the weapon ready. After the call Seaton refers to Hodges "a patriot" and tells Tony he never though he would go this far.Moss fields Tony's call. He tells Moss about Seaton's offer and Moss responds that he must contact the president.Taylor watches video of Sangalese people dying from the weapon's disease. Moss calls and Taylor gives the authorization for Seaton's pardon and a strike on Starkwood. Taylor agrees to send a SEAL team to assist the FBI.Seaton tells them the weapons are in a warehouse in the northwest corner of the complex and agrees to take Tony there for an on-the-ground contact. Jack requests to be allowed to join the mission but Moss turns him down due to the disease and possible symptoms. "You're right," Jack tells him. "You're right. I always knew we'd agree on something."Seaton guides Tony to the warehouse, telling him there are approximately a dozen people inside.After a munitions guy tells Hodges they are an hour from being ready, Hodges responds that they have intercepted an FBI transmission and know the feds are on their way.Tony describes the scene to Moss who is on his way in a helicopter. The Starkwood tower contacts Moss who tells them the FBI has an executive order to search one of the buildings and any attempts to interfere will result in arrest. The tower gives the go-ahead and the two helicopters land near the warehouse with a team of men. Moss and his team surround the building with little resistance. They move inside but find the building empty. When questioned about the location of the weapon Seaton says "Almeida was threatening to kill me so I told him what he wanted to hear." He's lying," Tony tells Moss. "He played me."Hodges, who is has been watching all of this on video, says smugly: "What do you know? Little old Seaton bought us some time. They're on the other side of the compound. We just have to keep them there."Moss and his men prepare for a point-by-point search of the entire compound. At that point a team of Starkwood Humvees pulls up, led by (gasp!) the very alive Stokes. Back at the field office Jack says to Walker that Moss must have his men stand down. Moss tells Stokes they plan to continue their search and for him to have his men stand down. Stokes responds that they are prepared to defend private property against false charges. "We do not want any bloodshed," Stokes says. "But if you try to advance any farther, you will be fired upon."
