Open with the vice president rejecting another request by Moss to go into the White House and try to save the president.A sobbing Olivia apologizes to her mother for their having grown apart. Jack whispers to Bill that before he came out of the lockdown with President Taylor he opened a gas line near some C4. Jack's plan is a suicide mission: run into the room and fire a shot, hopefully taking out most of Juma's men in the explosion.Juma tells President Taylor she is going to read a statement apologizing for the atrocities the U.S. has perpetrated against the world. Taylor agrees, but asks that the hostages be released in return. Juma promptly shoots a man. Taylor begins reading a statement which is broadcast live over the internet.While the vice president watches, Moss makes yet another request to go in. The VP says no again.Bill tells Jack he heard Juma coordinating with someone on a satphone and that he believes even if they save the president she may still be in danger. Without warning Bill sprints towards a Juma guard and tackles him into the lockdown room. Bill grabs the man's firearm and shoots into the ceiling, setting off the explosives.Seeing the explosion Moss sends his men in over the veep's protestations. The FBI overpowers the remaining Juma men and Agent Pierce leads Taylor and Olivia to safety. Jack ends up killing Juma when he goes for his gun. The president is secured and Jack slumps down near Bill's body.Taylor insists on remaining in the White House and asks to speak to the vice president. Olivia promises her mother she will never lose her again.Walker tells Jack she is sorry about Bill. Jack tells her "it was supposed to be me" then fills Moss in about Juma having outside intelligence assistance. He asks to be allowed to question Burnett but Moss blows him off and tells an agent to handcuff Jack. Walker argues with Moss that Jack may be right but he shoots her down as well. Walker grabs Kanin and tells him about Juma's help and Jack's idea.We cut to Hodges' lair. A man arrives to tell Hodges that the president is alive, apologizing for the failure of the mission. Hodges is told the weapons shipment from Juma should be ready for pickup in a few hours. Hodges says they should begin to "nail down some targets."As Jack is being taken to FBI headquarters Moss gets a call from Kanin. Having spoken with Walker, Kanin orders him to allow Jack to interrogate Burnett.Kanin reunites with Taylor. Taylor tells Kanin she would like Olivia to come on board as a special advisor. Given that Olivia made political mistakes during the campaign Kanin is worried about the prospect. Taylor wants Kanin and Olivia to mend their relationship and asks him to be the one to make the offer.Moss tells Walker he can no longer trust her and suspends her indefinitely. On the chopper ride to Burnett's hospital Moss and Jack argue about Walker.Another henchman tells Hodges he has selected 12 targets along the Eastern seaboard. Each would result in 10,000+ deaths. "Let's hope we never have to find out," Hodges says in regards to casualty estimates. Hodges is told that Jack is being sent to question Burnett. Hodges is concerned, but his assistant tells him they have sent a man named Quinn to take care of both Burnett and Jack.Moss and Jack arrive at the hospital. Burnett's room is wired with audio and two cameras.Quinn gets to the hospital in scrubs and kills an elderly man. When nurses rush to the room Quinn goes to their computer and downloads the room information onto a device. He goes to a storage room and climbs into the ceiling crawl space.Olivia thanks Pierce for helping save her. A friendly Kanin offers Olivia the job, but she quickly attacks him for letting such widespread corruption take place right near the president. She vows to find out exactly who was at fault and to make sure they are never able to hurt her mother again.Moss warns Jack that if he "lays one finger" on Burnett "it's over." Burnett regains consciousness and is terrified to see Jack, saying he will tells him anything he wants to know. At this point Quinn, who is directly above the room, cuts the audio feed to the room and freezes the video. He drops a nerve agent into the room which disables Jack and Burnett. Quinn grabs a piece of broken glass and places it on Jack's hand. He cuts Burnett's throat, stabs him in the chest and escapes into the ceiling.The video feed to the room is restored just as Jack awakens. Seeing what has happened he jumps into the ceiling just before Moss gets into the room.Quinn calls Hodges to report the job has been completed.Jack steals a phone and places a call to Moss. Jack tells Moss about the set-up and that he thinks there is a reason they wanted him framed. He tells Moss the threat is still not over and runs from the hospital.
