Open with Nabeel allowing Kayla two minutes with Faroush before they are to transport him to the embassy. Kayla tells him she told her father about their relationship. He tells her one of the guards is going to help him escape and convinces her to meet him at a hotel.With both Wade and Nick dead, Dana tells Cole he should leave the scene and allow her to take the blame for everything. Instead he suggests they dump the bodies in the swamp and keep everything to themselves.Hastings calls President Taylor and Weiss and fills them on Jack's mission to bring in Farhad and have him ID the men in possession of the rods. Taylor wants to talk with Hassan. When Taylor leaves the room Hastings tells Weiss that he isn't going to go after Walker. Weiss isn't happy.Jack preps his team for the mission to take Farhad. On the way Farhad calls Jack to tell him Samir's men are closing in on him.Taylor tells Hassan about the nuclear threat to NYC. She tells him that the men responsible are part of his US covert intelligence team and she needs him to turn over all his files on that department. If the attack takes place, she says, she'll be forced to attack Kamistan. There is a tense moment, but Hassan agrees.Faroush unlocks his handcuffs and pulls a gun on Nabeel. He orders him and the driver out of the car and has them lock themselves in the trunk of the SUV. Faroush calls Kayla who is walking out of the UN.Hastings calls Farhad to tell him Jack's team is nearby. Despite Hastings's warnings to Farhad to stay put, he tries to run and is immediately shot twice in the chest by Ali. Jack tells Chloe he needs the intelligence files immediately so they then can try and get IDs from Farhad in case he dies. Ali calls Samir and tells him he has shot Farhad. Jack screams at the medics to keep Farhad alive.Taylor is briefed about the potential impact of a bomb using the rods. It would kill tens of thousands and render a portion of the city uninhabitable for 40 years. Everyone agrees a city-wide evacuation would be too dangerous. A decision is made to evacuate the UN.Hassan finally hears from Nabeel. After apologizing for letting Faroush get away, he tells Hassan that he believes Faroush was going to meet Kayla somewhere in the city. Hassan calls his daughter, who is walking into the hotel room to meet Faroush. She ignores the call. Faroush tells Kayla he is going to meet with a lawyer specializing in international law.Farhad dies. With the rods gone, Jack suggests to Hastings that they leak to the press that Farhad is still alive in the hopes Samir's men will make a play to finish Farhad off. Hastings agrees.Cole and Dana dispose of the bodies. She asks about their relationship: "I don't know," Cole says.Samir sees a news report that Farhad is still alive. Ali thought he killed Farhad, but since he had to flee the scene when CTU arrived he couldn't be sure. The decision is made to go after Farhad with an operative named Marcos whose mother is American. Cut to truck where the rods are being held and Marcos calling his mother and telling her to leave the city. When Marcos hangs up, Samir walks into the truck and asks "are you ready my friend?"Jack and the rest of CTU prepare to take Farhad's body to a hospital. Jack tells young agent Owens that everything will be fine.Taylor tells Hassan they are evacuating the UN. He says he will not leave because he is still waiting to her from Kayla.Chloe monitors the hospitals security cameras using facial recognition software. Farhad is taken into the hospital without incident. We see Marcos pull into the hospital parking lot. Before he gets out of the car he reveals that he is holding a remote detonator in his hand and his chest is covered with explosives.Walker calls Jack to thank him for what he did. She is being released.Chloe has spotted Marcos and his explosive device in the parking lot and gets to work trying to disarm the detonator. Jack tells Owens to let Marcos through, but to delay him as much as possible. Marcos approaches the entrance Owens is guarding and shows him the detonator. He tells Owens to take him to Farhad.Hassan calls Dalia who is on her way out of the country and tells her their daughter is in danger. She agrees to help find Kayla.Chloe needs to see the explosives to be able to remotely disarm the detonator. Owens demands Marcos show him the explosives before he will take him to Farhad. This works, and it allows Chloe to begin isolating the signal. She finishes just as Marcos and Owens enter Farhad's room. He presses the button and nothing happens. He then shoots Farhad several times and realizes that he was dead all along. Jack and some agents burst into the room and attempt to capture Marcos. Instead Marcos jumps out the window and lands on the parking lot. He limps back into the hospital and locks himself inside a pressure chamber. While inside Marcos calls Samir and tell him about Farhad being dead the entire time. Samir tells Marcos he cannot be taken alive and begins to tell him how to manually set off the explosives. Jack attempts to talk to Marcos through the chamber's video monitor. Marcos smashes the camera on his side as the episode ends.
