We open with Jack getting treatment for his seizures. Once his voice returns he tells Walker to put out an APB for Tony. Cut to Tony wasting two FBI agents and jumping in their car. Jack tells Walker about Tony and Galvez and that Tony is responsible for Moss' death. They find out Tony has left the perimeter and decide to contact President Taylor.Tony drives to a motel and meets Galvez. After Galvez confirms payment has been wired to his bank account, he decides to try and steal the canister of pathogen for himself. Tony quickly turns the tables and suffocates Galvez with the shower curtain. Taylor is told Hodges made it to a hospital before the poison could take affect and that the pill got to him via the fake attorney (Cara Bowden). Jack calls Taylor with news that Tony had been playing them the entire time. Taylor tells Jack about her last conversation with Hodges and his suicide attempt. Jack believes Hodges' family must be in danger and they could use pretending he is dead as leverage to get Hodges to cooperate. Cara shows up at Tony's room. He suggests that instead of delivering the canister to the secret buyers which will mean six months of delay until any action is taken they use the single canister of pathogen immediately. Tony things one more attack could "push things over the edge." Cara agrees to contact 'The Group.'Olivia is furious when she hears her mother is going to offer Hodges witness protection in exchange for information. She doesn't think a lifetime in prison in enough for the man who killed her brother and hundreds of civilians. Cara conducts an online chat with The Group. She tells them the new option is to use the weapon that morning during rush hour and to frame an innocent civilian, Jibraan Al-Zarian. When members express concern with pulling the attack together so quickly, Cara has her co-conspirator from the previous episode (Alan Wilson) chime in that Hodges gave them an opportunity by placing the country on "the brink." The Group unanimously votes to move forward with the attack. Jack speaks with Hodges, telling him the only way to save his wife and children is to allow them to pretend he has died. He explains to Jack that the plan was to show the country how vulnerable it was in order to prove the necessities of companies like Starkwood. When Hodges waffles Jack picks up a phone and pretends to call a reporter with news that Hodges is actually alive. Hodges doesn't know The Group's members and can only tell him he worked through a female intermediary. Jack tells Taylor he thinks an attack is imminent and they should start by looking at people with terrorist ties. Jack tells the best way to access that information would be for Taylor to re-commission the servers used by CTU. Taylor gives the green light.Needing immediate help with the hardware Jack calls Chloe and asks her to reconstitute the servers. She reluctantly agrees. Chloe kisses her son good-bye and tells Morris to take him out of the city. After injecting himself once again, Jack briefs the agents about the attack. Tony and Cara (whose name they don't know) are the only suspects. Jack believes the conspirators will be manufacture evidence implicating someone else so as to move in and takeover when the country is most vulnerable. They are therefore looking for any suspicious activity within the terrorist/financial community. Walker tells Janis that the CTU servers have returned and she seems bothered about the legal implications of their search. Chloe arrives and is concerned by how Jack looks. He tells her about Tony. Chloe doesn't think it makes sense: "There has to be a reason." Tony and Cara arrive at Al-Zarian's place. A day laborer, Al-Zarian lives with a younger brother and has a bio that could lend itself to terrorist leanings. Cut to Al-Zarian speaking with his younger brother about the terrorist threats and warning him to come home immediately after work that day. "It's not a good day to be Muslim," he says. Olivia complains to Pierce about the protection being offered to Hodges. When he asks if there is anything else he can do to help she off-handedly suggests "other than kill Jonas Hodges, no" before apologizing. Olivia picks up the phone and calls a political operative from her past. She mentions a time when he told her "there is no problem which can't be handled or eliminated." He agrees to be at the White House in 15 minutes.Janis verbalizes loudly her displeasure with the nature of their surveillance. She makes one more comment and Jack snaps, screaming at her that "President David Palmer recommissioned these servers because he felt it was vital to national security." Jack gets the president's name wrong one more time before finishing his tirade. He walks away and Chloe tells Janis "there's something really wrong with him." The lights go out in Al-Zarian's apartment. Tony, Cara and two other men break in with Tony holding the man at gunpoint as the clock strikes 4 a.m.
