Open with Cara and Tony in Jibraan Al-Zarian's apartment setting up the frame. Cara downloads propaganda onto his computer and they hang up a flag with Arabic writing. Tony tells Jibraan that if he doesn't read a prepared script they will kill his brother Hamid.With Chloe having found nothing on the CTU servers Jack suggests targeting all Muslims and political activists in the Muslim community. Janis complains about the racial profiling but Jack tells her he can't think of a better way to stop the attack. Jack leaves to give himself another injection and Janis tells Chloe that Jack has been infected.Jack tells a tearful Chloe that he has accepted his fate and wants to use his remaining time to catch Tony.As Jibraan is videotaped giving his anti-American speech the local police show up. Tony has Jibraan answer the door. The police were called by neighbors because of noise but Jibraan is able to convince them everything is fine.Chloe locates suspicious financial transactions related to Jibraan. Records show that over the past six months he had been given $2 million by a Middle Eastern organization. She pulls up the propaganda that Cara placed in his browser history. His visa has expired but a local imam, Muhtadi Gohar, is listed as a reference. They put out an APB on Jibraan.Martin Collier, the political consultant Olivia called last hour arrives at the White House. She explains the Hodges dilemma and he initially advices her to leave the situation alone. Olivia persists and Martin says he will connect her to someone who can take care of Hodges. She gives Martin the secret itinerary for Hodges.Hodges meanwhile has begun the process of moving to witness protection with the US Marshalls. Marshall Sullivan tells Hodges they will take him to Colorado.Jack and Walker arrive at Gohar's residence. Jack, who is not convinced Jibraan is innocent, pulls out his gun as Walker knocks. Gohar recognizes Jack from his testimony and lets them in. He is adamant that Jibraan could not be a terrorist and Jack begins to get aggressive with his questioning. Just then Janis radios that the cop who answered the noise complaint recognized Jibraan's name and gave them an address. Worried Gohar might warn Jibraan they are coming, Jack puts him in cuffs and brings him along.Before leaving the apartment, Tony has Jibraan tell Hamid he is actually an America-hating terrorist what has been working with Tony all along. Hamid doesn't believe his brother but Jibraan insists that he must tell the authorities why "I did what I did."Olivia calls the professional hitman Martin recommended. He gives her his bank account number and tells her once the money is received, he will proceed, and there will no need for any further commuincation between them after she hangs up. She glances down at where the screen displays the wiring amount ($250,000) and pauses. Pierce sticks his head in to tell Olivia her father has arrived at the White House. When he leaves Olivia decides not to transfer the money and calls Martin to tell him she has changed her mind.On the way to Jibraan's apartment Jack gets a call from Chloe. She discovered that the transfers to Jibraan's account were back-dated, having been placed there within the last hour. Jack is convinced this means Jibraan is being set up and he takes off Gohar's handcuffs. Gohar is surprised Jack was willing to admit his mistake.The Taylors have a happy reunion. Henry tells Olivia he is okay with what happened with Hodges. Olivia tells him she has had second thoughts and apologies to her mother for questioning Hodges' witness protection deal.Sullivan takes all of Hodges' personal items and puts him in an SUV. While Sullivan signs over custody of Hodges the SUV explodes.The president and Olvia get a call that Hodges has been killed. Olivia quickly leaves the room. Woods tells Taylor he thinks it must have been an inside job, given the knowledge of when and where Hodges would be.Olivia places a frantic call to Martin. She tells him Hodges is dead and that she is responsible. Martin wants her to stop talking about it on a cell phone and tells her they need to meet later.Jack and Walker arrive at Jibraan's apartment. The first team on the scene has set up surveillance. Hamid is being held by one guard. Jack is convinced Hamid is being used as leverage by Tony and that capturing the guard alive is the only way to get a jump on where the attack will take place.Jack leads the assault team that bursts into the room. When the guard is distracted Hamid grabs a pice of glass and jams it into the man's neck, yelling that "he made my brother into a terrorist." Jack tells Hamid he knows Jibraan is innocent and convinces him not to finish the guard off. The guard is bleeding out and Jack yells for a medic.Tony, Cara and Jibraan arrive at a location and a subway station being monitored.
