Open with Jack calling President Taylor to apologize for Hassan's death. She assures him it was out his control and says the peace agreement is effectively dead.At the scene Cole is told Samir is unconscious but should survive his injuries. Immediately after Cole walks away one of the EMT guys sticks a syringe into Samir's neck and heads out of the building. On his way out, the EMT and Walker share a brief glance. With everything wrapped up, Jack and Walker leave for his place.Novakovich approaches Jamot at the UN and expresses his sympathies for his country's loss. He then makes a strange reference to the fact Hassan had ordered Jamot arrested and interrogated. Jamot defends Hassan.Jamot stops Taylor before she is to announce to the delegates that the peace process is over. She agrees to give him a few minutes.We see Novakovich get a call from the fake EMT guy. EMT tells him Samir has been taken care of and he is now following Walker and Jack. He believes Walker recognized him from when he used to work with Vladimir. He wants to kill them, but Novakovich tells him such action would alert the public to the fact that others were involved in Hassan's murder.Taylor and Jamot approach Dalia about replacing her husband and taking over the peace cause. She doesn't think it's a good idea, but Jamot assures her the Kamistan cabinet is in favor of the idea. She eventually agrees to follow the wishes of her people. On the way out of the meeting Taylor tells Woods the peace process is back on.Cole tells Hastings Jack and Walker are finished helping CTU and that Samir should be ready for questioning soon. Woods calls Chloe and tells her they need CTU to help secure the rest of the peace process. Hastings will be relieved of his post and Chloe put in charge of CTU until a replacement is found. Chloe tells Hastings she thinks he's getting a raw deal, but he takes full responsibility for the agency's mistakes.At Jack's apartment, Walker begins to tell Jack he does not need to follow-through on the promises he made about their relationship. This leads to them kissing and heading for the bedroom.We see the EMT kill a man in an apartment directly across from Jack's building and begin peering in with binoculars.Taylor tells Novakovich about Dalia replacing Hassan as president and signing the peace treaty. He doesn't think this represents a stable leader for Kamistan and says Russia will not sign the accord.Taylor goes to see Kanin, who has just been given a good prognosis by doctors. When she says Russia wants to pull out of the summit, he suggests she bring Charles Logan into the process. Logan has been communicating with Kanin's office and has connections in Moscow. Reluctantly Taylor agrees to meet with Logan.Hastings says goodbye to the staff at CTU. Cole calls Chloe and says Samir's health has taken a turn for the worse. Before she can even get to the room Samir has been pronounced dead. Chloe orders a tox screen.Dalia finally tells Kayla what she has agreed to do. Kayla thinks it is too dangerous, but Dalia demands her help.Taylor meets with Logan, who has been snuck into a conference room. Logan tells her he has great relationships with the Russians and believes he can use "some leverage" to bring Russia back to the table. He assures her he will do nothing illegal, but won't tell her how he plans to work with Moscow. She eventually agrees. Logan plans to first meet with Novakovich.After sex, Jack gets up to get Walker something to drink. We see that the EMT is now watching them through the scope of a suppressed sniper rifle. Chloe calls Jack's phone and Walker picks up. They discuss Samir and the EMT Walker thinks she recognized back at the scene. Walker isn't sure, but asks Chloe to pull up her old Red Square undercover files. Just after hanging up, Walker gets shot several times by the sniper. Jack picks her up, fills-in Chloe over the phone and manages to avoid the sniper and get out of the apartment. They get in a cab and head for the hospital.Chloe starts to work on security camera footage near Jack's apartment. Jack arrives at the hospital and hands Walker over to the doctors. Chloe calls Jack while he's in the hallway and tells him about the conversation with Walker about the possible Russian. CTU has lost the shooter. Doctors come out and tell Jack that Walker didn't make it. A weeping Jack kisses Walker's forehead as the hour ends with a silent clock.
