Open with Marcos working on his explosive vest inside the chamber. Outside Jack is told is it too dangerous to blow the door. If it does go off, it will not pose a threat to anyone outside. Once Marcos resets three more circuits he will be able to explode the device at will.Chloe tells Jack Marcos' was born in America and has likely been turned against the U.S. after his Kamistani father was wrongfully imprisoned and committed suicide. His mother still lives in Harlem.Dana and Cole get in the elevator at CTU. Cole is uncertain about their future but tells her he stills loves her. When the door opens Hastings is there to rip them a new one. He says their futures at CTU depend on how well they do during this mission.Samir checks in with a man who is monitoring Marcos at the hospital. He has tapped into the hospital's surveillance. Samir then unloads the rods at the landing where they plan to take them into Manhattan.Chloe tells Dana (who is now reporting to her) she's happy she's still at CTU. Arlo apologizes to Dana for outing her with Cole and seems happy they are still together.Jack is finally able to speak with Marcos inside the chamber. He tries to convince him that bombing New York City is a mistake, but Marcos seems convinced Hassan's peace agreement is a mistake. Eventually he starts ignoring Jack.Kayla and Faroush talk post-coitus about their asylum. Because of Hassan's actions, Faroush thinks they will be granted asylum by the U.S. in a year or so. Dalia calls Kayla and she thinks she should take the call. Faroush talks her out of answering.Dalia leaves a voicemail as she arrives at the UN. She questions him for arresting Faroush in the first place. She tearfully accuses him of putting their daughter in danger with his seemingly irrational behavior.Cole and a team arrive at the apartment of Elaine, Marcos' mother. Cole tells her what her son is up to and learns she knows only that Marcos wanted her to leave the city. They tell her she must accompany them to the hospital.Dana apologizes to Hastings for letting him down. She gets a call from Prady (Stephen Root), Wade's probation officer. He doesn't know where Wade is and knows he called her number several times from his hotel room. When he suggests speaking with her supervisor she agrees to meet with him.Marcos now has three of the four circuits complete on his vest and is ten minutes or so from being able to detonate. Elaine arrives and Jack briefs her. During this Dana calls Cole about the Prady call. He tells her to handle it herself.Samir's man sees Elaine and tells Samir he doesn't think Marcos will be talked down.After a few moments Elaine speaks with Marcos alone. She confirms that he's part of a terrorist plot and tries to convince Marcos that his father wouldn't support violence.During this conversation Chloe realizes that someone has tapped into the hospital surveillance. Jack tells them to disconnect the video.Though emotional, Marcos' stance doesn't seem changed by his mother visit. Elaine is taken from the room as the video feed is cut and Samir's man can no longer observe the proceedings. Marcos completes the fourth circuit and his detonation button blinks red. Jack walks to the monitor and tells Marcos that if he blows himself up, his mother will die as well. Jack promises Marcos that he will bring his mother to the site of the dirty bomb and make sure she is exposed to enough lethal radiation that she will die a slow, painful death. Marcos is convinced and leaves the chamber. Samir's man sees this through his binoculars and Samir tells him to active the "fail-safe." Red numbers begin counting down from 60 on the vest. Not sure he can deactivate the vest in time, Jack demands information. Marcos tells Jack that Faroush is part of the conspiracy and Jack tosses him into the chamber where he blows up.Jack calls Hassan and tells him that Faroush is involved. Hassan knows only that Faroush is with his daughter. Dalia tries to call Kayla yet again.This time the call comes while Faroush is in the shower. Dalia tells Kayla Faroush is involved and convinces her to provide the name of their hotel suite. Kayla lies to Faroush and tells him she didn't give her mother their location. Both Kayla and Faroush seem suspicious of each other and he suggests they go meet with someone at the state department. She goes into the bathroom to change and locks the door behind her.Jack wants NYPD to go to the hotel and CTU to set up a perimeter.
