We begin with Jack having Bazhaev call Josef so that Chloe can triangulate the location of the rods. Josef is upset his dad has talked to the feds, but eventually is convinced (with help from Jack) that turning over the rods and taking immunity is the way to go. Right at that moment a man with Farhad shoots Josef dead. Chloe knows only they are in Queens. Josef's phone hits the ground and they hear Farhad speaking with Samir, who tells him they need a new plan.Chloe matches the voice with Farhad. On his way in with Bazhaev, Jack tells Chloe he won't be much help. She patches him over to Walker in medical. Walker tells Jack she's okay and asks him what he meant by the "you have me" remark. Jack confirms that he's interested in her romantically.Weiss calls Hastings. When Weiss is filled-in on how little they know at this point, he tells Hastings that the blame for the Vladimir mission failing cannot fall to either of them. Weiss suggests they pin everything on Walker and is sending over an investigator from the Department of Justice.Arlo tells Cole where he can find Dana. Cole leaves the scene alone.Cut to Dana watching Wade and Nick pull their van off in a remote area with some of the strippers inside. She stares from her car, fingering her pistol.The Justice investigator (Smith) arrives at CTU. Hastings is reluctant to put Walker in the situation, but agrees to limited surveillance for the interview.Farhad and Samir arrive with the rods at a warehouse owned by a businessman friendly to their cause.. When they exit the car Farhad finds himself surrounded by armed men. Samir tells Farhad that the plans have changed: Since they cannot move the rods out of the country, Samir's new buddy Ali wants to use them as part of a "radiological bomb." Farhad protests, saying that this will lead to an invasion of Kamistan. Samir believes this new plan is the only way to avoid Kamistan becoming a corrupt nation beholden to the American military. Farhad doesn't seem to like the idea but says he will go along with the new strategy.Smith asks Walker about her story that the killing of Vladimir was self-defense. She points out that Vladimir was stabbed 15 times, and suggests that Walker used this mission to exact revenge on a man she had issues with from her past undercover work. Walker stands tough but Smith continues to pound on her.Jack arrives at CTU with Bazhaev and Chloe tells him what is happening with Walker. Jack immediately goes to the room where she's being questioned and knocks out a guard to get inside. Smith stands up to protest and Walker says "it's too late." Jack pins Smith against the wall by her neck and asks how she could do something like that to Walker after all she's sacrificed. When Jack tries to take Walker out of the room he is zapped and taken into custody by three CTU security guards.Samir tells Farhad they are still working on finding a detonator. Farhad tells him he knows a guy, but needs to call him in private. Samir has Ali take Farhad outside. As they walk Farhad starts asking about target locations in New York. Farhad then attacks Amir and is able to escape after taking a shot to the knee.Jack is taken to Hastings. When Jack rips him for hanging Walker out to dry, he tells Jack he's caught in a tough spot with the White House and Weiss putting pressure on him. Chloe comes in and tells them Farhad is on the phone. Farhad tells Hastings he is being chased by men who have turned on him and are planning an attack on New York. Farhad tells him he'll tell them everything if they can rescue him. With Cole MIA, Hastings tells Chloe to get Owen to lead a team to pull out Farhad. Hastings tells Jack he wants him to leave CTU.Dana watches the strippers angrily leave Wade and Nick's van. The men go off to take a leak and Dana leaves her car with the gun. As she walks towards the van Cole stops her. He says he's seen pictures of her with a man and wants her to leave with him. She argues she has to stay and eventually tells him "My name is not Dana Walsh. It's Jenny Scott."Samir tells Ali he is leaving with the rods but that he should stay to find Farhad.Hastings and Owen discuss to plan to extract Farhad. On his way out the door Jack makes an off-handed comment about the mission being more complicated that they think. Hastings asks for Jack's input and eventually agrees to leave Walker alone if Jack sticks around to help on a full-time basis: "I want you in with both feet," Hastings says. "Deal," is the response from Jack.Dana finishes telling Cole about helping Wade steal the money. She tells him about Wade's threats to ruin her life. When he realizes she has a gun and was there to kill them, he gets out of the vehicle and heads towards Wade's van. He pulls a gun on the men and grabs their shotgun. He tells them he'll let them keep their money if they never return to the state again. If they ever cross the New York border, Cole says, he'll kill them himself. Cole and Dana walk back to their car.Nick grabs a pistol and tells Wade he's going to go after Cole. Wade says they should cut their losses and quit. Nick disagrees, and ends up stabbing Wade in the stomach. He walks towards Cole and Dana, but just before he can shoot them in the back Wade yells out "Jenny!" Cole whirls around and shoots Nick. Dana walks over to Wade who collapses in her arms. "I'm sorry, he says, "I said I'd come back."
