Open in the FBI field office. Sean believes he has located the van in which Nichols was transporting the Matobos and Janis has a possible fix on the location of the CIP intrusion.With a dead Agent Gedge and unconscious Henry still on the floor of Samantha's apartment, Kanin is unable to reach the agent on his cell. Kanin gets snippy when Moss calls with little progress on either Dubaku's next target or the Matobos. Moss retorts that his office has already lost an agent (Walker).Following behind Nichols and the Motobos, Jack, Bill, Chloe, Walker and Tony locate Dubaku's headquarters in an office building.Cut to Nichols bringing the Matobos in to see Dubaku. Dubaku tells Nichols he has chosen a chemical plant in Ohio and they will use to the CIP device to cause its safety valves to fail. Dubaku and Matobo have a brief heated interaction in which Dubaku tells Matobo he will taken back to Sangala and made to give Juma all of his "fellow traitors." When Matobo disagrees, Dubaku takes a sinister glance at Mrs. Matobo and says "believe me, you will." Dubaku tells Nichols he thinks the impending casualties in Ohio will force President Taylor to withdraw.With Chloe looking at the building's schematics, Walker gets past the front desk with her badge. She goes to the roof and lets in Jack, Bill and Tony. Going to the floor above Dubaku's office, Jack and Walker drop into the crawlspace.Janis again notices a brief firewall intrusion, this time tracing it to the small town in Ohio. She spots the nearby insecticide plant and calls plant manager John Brunner. Brunner tells Janis they've already been having trouble with safety valves that protect highly toxic chemicals. When the plant attempts emergency measures they finds the computers unresponsive. Janis tells Brunner it is a terrorist attack and that he must begin an evacuation.Kanin and Homeland Secretary Woods discuss the need for Henry Taylor to talk the president into withdrawing. Kanin and Woods brief President Taylor on the particulars of Dubaku's current attack. They believe the tank will rupture in 15 minutes, killing half of the city's 30,000 residents.Threading a camera through a vent Jack is able to survey Dubaku's primary office which houses the CIP device.Brunner tells Janis he has ordered the plant's 1,000 workers be evacuated and that he will attempt to manually release pressure from the tanks which should forestall the release by a few minutes. As Janis begins to talk him through the override schematics, we realize the move will bring gas into the room in which Brunner is working and that his protective gear will only buy him a little time. He releases the pressure.Seven minutes from explosion Dubaku's men spot an earlier camera feed with Jack & Co. on the roof. Against the wishes of Nichols, Dubaku decides to disengage the CIP module stop the plant attack.Sean notices the firewall breach is gone.Jack gives the order and Bill and Tony go through the main door of Dubaku's headquarters. They take out several guys as Jack and Walker set off an explosion above the primary office and drop in with guns blazing. Pretty much every bad guy is killed other than Dubaku, the CIP device is destroyed and the Matobos are taken to safety.Brunner tells Janis the plant will not release its gas, but is unable to leave the room because of his exposure.We see Dubaku grab sniveling CIP-builder Latham (car accident guy from season premiere) in a side office and tell him he will kill his family if he doesn't do what he's told. Jack, Tony and Bill bust into the room and see Latham standing by himself. They spot explosives under his shirt and shut the door just as Dubaku detonates the device. With police almost on the scene they leave for the safe house. We see Dubaku leave the building undetected.Unsure of why Dubaku suddenly stopped his attack, Moss orders Sean and Janis to look into finding the location of the CIP device. Janis confirms to Sean that Brunner was the only casualty of the attack.Woods briefs President Taylor of the aborted attack. Still unable to reach Gedge, Kanin tells Taylor he can't locate Henry, adding that her husband hadn't given up his investigation into their son's death.Hearing the APB on Gedge, Vossler calls Gedge's cell phone. This wakes up Henry, who elects not to answer and then finds the phone locked. Vossler busts into the room, knocking a gun away from Henry. At that moment Dubaku calls Vossler's phone and tells him to bring the First Gentleman to him.Back in the safe house Jack convinces the gang they now need outside help to locate Dubaku. They agree that Matobo should call President Taylor and try to meet with her in private. Matobo tells President Taylor he will arrive in ten minutes and that he must see her alone. She tells Kanin of the conversation and adds that he should keep the information to as few people as possible.On their way out the door Tony tells Jack he won't be going to the White House. Because of Tony's sordid past he doesn't believe he would be able to continue with the mission if the government got their hands on him. Jack agrees on the condition that Tony turn himself in "when this is over."There is a knock on the door to Dubaku's apartment. It appears to be his girlfriend, and she sounds like a normal citizen completely unaware that her boyfriend is a super-villain. Dubaku calls Vossler and tells him to bring Henry to a local grocery store.
