Open with a Hodges' attorney, Trisha, getting a call that she's cleared to see him in custody. She opens her front door and is hit in the face by an aerosol can. A man injects her with something while a woman who looks almost identical takes her IDs and glasses and seems to attach Trisha's fingerprints to her own finger tips. Janis and Walker have determined that Tony's accomplice is named Galvez, a two-year Starkwood man with a Special Forces background. Janis tells Walker they are unable to locate Moss. While listening to Janis relay Galvez' info over the radio Tony shoots himself in the stomach. He answers his phone and tells Galvez to lay low until he can figure things out. Agents arrive and Tony tells them they were ambushed. Kim Bauer tells Walker she is leaving. Walker tries to convince her to stay but Kim tells her Jack's mind can't be changed. Walker hears from an agent on the scene that Moss has died. Now the ranking agent, a stunned Walker is able to give a few directions and says she will arrive shortly. Jack is working on providing testimony relating to Dubaku. After he begins repeating himself the agent suggests Jack take a break. He wanders into the hallway and listens to Walker's briefing. She tells Jack about Galvez, the canister and Moss' death.Tony contacts Galvez and tells him to move based on the FBIs current sweeping. He tells Galvez to find a building and rig it to explode with the goal being to trap dozens of agents inside. Jack jumps in the helicopter with Walker and they head to the scene. The fake Trisha arrives at the White House to meet Hodges. She gets through security and makes her way inside.Olivia briefs President Taylor about Galvez and Moss. Taylor wonders if there might be another party involved based on Hodges' comments before being taken into custody. She orders him taken to the FBI for interrogation. Fake Trisha tells Hodges that he has put Starkwood in a difficult spot. Apparently the bio-weapon was not for "personal use" and certain folks think Hodges has lost his mind. These "others" are concerned he may leave them open to exposure. (Sigh, more Others) She says the only way for Hodges to guarantee his family's safety is to kill himself with a pill she hands him. Olivia walks in and Hodges is removed. Fake Trisha calls a man and updates him on her progress. He asks about Tony, referring to him as "your guy." Galvez tells Tony he's found a building to use for the trap and that he has 20 minutes to set up the C4. Jack tries to comfort Walker about the loss of her partner. They arrive and identify Moss' body. Walker questions Tony about what happened and Jack seems to spot a few inconsistencies. Jack thinks someone must have been with Galvez. Kim calls husband Stephen and tells him what's happening with Jack. We see that Jack has a granddaughter she couldn't bring herself to tell him about. Walker talks to an agent while Jack begins to suffer through more symptoms. He gives himself an injection and Tony wonders why he doesn't head back to the field office. Jack tells him the severity of his illness. Walker begins talking to another agent, but we see that it is actually Galvez, who has killed an agent and is using his walkie. Galvez tells them he has a visual on Galvez (if that makes sense) and directs them to the abandoned building. Jack's symptoms force him to stay behind. Hodges is loaded onto a truck to be taken from the White House. Once in the back he takes the pill and begins seizing on the floor. The military guards rush him to the hospital. The FBI agents arrive at the building and, based on Galvez' intelligence, head to the top floor. The agent Jack had been providing testimony to earlier calls and tells Jack he has information about a suspect Tony claimed to have killed during questioning. Looking at a screen showing the agents' radio transponders Jack sees that the one for the agent Galvez killed is not in the building at all. He tells Walker to pull everyone out of the building. They begin to leave just as Galvez detonates the C4. Jack tells the agents to maintain their position and hold the perimeter. Galvez puts on an FBI coat and heads into the building. Jack and Tony arrive at the building and Tony runs inside. It is unclear who has been injured and there is no word from Walker. Galvez covers himself with a dead agent's blood and leaves with Tony. Jack finds Walker and the two exit the building. Walker and Jack realize Galvez must have known their sweep patterns. Jack calls back the agent who took his testimony and is told Tony lied about killing the man. Tony puts Galvez and the cannister in an ambulance. Jack takes Tony aside and pulls a gun on him. Jack doesn't buy Tony's excuse for the lie and demands to know his involvement. As Jack puts it all together he begins convulsing and falls to the ground. Tony takes the gun from his hand and shows him he has stolen the drugs Jack uses to control his seizures. Tony calls over the medics and walks away. In the ambulance we see Galvez cut the throat of one paramedic and pull a gun on the driver, demanding he keep driving.
