We open with Jack suggesting they yank Walker off the mission. Jack gets Hastings to agree that if he is able to get inside, he will be allowed to replace Walker.Dana notices something on a computer screen and calls Wade. She tells him $120,00 is being stored by the NYPD in a warehouse. She'll be able to manipulate the security and get them in.Walker arrives back at Vladimir's hideout and he wishes to speak with her alone. With Jack sill listening on the com, she tells Vladimir about Jack's cover as a German arms dealer. Vladimir doesn't seem interested in dealing with nuclear material but Walker appears to talk him into the deal. In exchange for $5 million up front Vladimir with make a few calls and begin the process. He hints at being interested in her romantically again.We cut to Oleg being worked on by the doctor Josef brought him to. Bazhaev calls Josef upset that he hasn't arrived at the private house. Josef's plan is to keep the treatment from their father until it has already begun. The doctor tells them short of a bone marrow transplant all he can do is give them a three week course of drugs which have a chance to work.While figuring out the money, Cole suggests his team can do some drive bys at the scene. Jack tells Cole he has other plans.Vladimir has a drink and asks Walker how she's doing. He apologizes for "what I did to you." He suggests they could get together romantically but Walker says she only came to him for the deal. She leaves him to wash-up.Vladimir tells his henchmen that as soon the buyer (Jack) wires the $5 million they are to kill him. Vladimir has no intention of making the deal.Hassan has not toned down his offensive back in Kamistan. The activities are putting the peace deal in jeopardy and President Taylor wants to meet with some of the delegates.Hassan gets an update on some of the detainees. As he looks at the list he sees that one of them is a cousin of Jamot, his UN ambassador. Hassan orders Jamot be arrested, despite the evidence only being circumstantial.Dana makes a key card for Wade and starts to head out to meet him. Arlo intercepts her, asking about something she was supposed to help him with. Arlo asks Chloe if she thinks anything's strange about Dana.Dana meets Wade outside CTU and explains what he and his buddy need to do to get the money. She reiterates that if she does this for him he will leave her alone. "Sure," he says. "That's the deal." We see that Arlo has been watching this meeting on a surveillance camera.Walker gets out of the shower and finds Vladimir waiting for her. He wants her to go to bed with him. After he leaves the room Jack tries to convince Walker to leave immediately. She tells Jack "it's the only way" she can maintain her cover and breaks off communication with Jack.Jamot is furious at being taken into custody.After the doctor explains to Josef how to treat his brother, two of Bashaev's guards break in and shoot the doctor and two others. The grab Josef and Oleg and take them back to their father.Jack meets Valadimir's henchmen and demands to speak with Vladimir. When Vladimir answer the phone we see that he was in bed with Walker. Vladimir assures Jack he will have information within an hour after receiving the five million.Vladimir tells Walker his plan to take the $5 million and kill Jack. She tries to talk him into the nuclear arms deal but he takes away her phone.Just as Jack's computer screen shows the money is in Vladimir's account, the men begin to pull guns on Jack. At this point we see that Cole is on top of a nearby building with a sniper rifle. He takes out three of the men, leaving only the leader for Jack to subdue. Jack has him call Vladimir. Jack confirms that Walker is safe and Vladimir tells him he is willing to reconsider the deal.Bazhaev is furious that Josef put them in danger by bringing other people into the situation. "There are rules, Josef. And they must never be broken," Bazhaev says before putting several bullets into Oleg's chest.
