Open just after the assassination attempt on President Hassan. Hastings tells President what happened and that they still don't know who is alive.We see Cole climb from his vehicle and pull a very much alive Hassan from his. Cole puts Hassan into a car as Davros thinks for a second about taking a shot at Hassan. Cole sends Hassan off to CTU and fills-in Dana. He then spots Davros leaving the scene and pursues him on foot.Jack has Phillip drive towards Davros and Cole's location.In the car with Hassan's family nobody is sure what's happening. Farhad calls Davros and leans his brother is still alive. Davros tells him it won't be long before everyone finds out Farhad was behind the plot. Farhad gets out of the car, stabs a CTU agent in the neck and flees on foot. Hassan's wife and daughter witness everything.Davros eventually gets the jump on Cole and orders him to his knees. Davros wants Cole to call in that the area they are in is secure, clearing the way for him to walk Davros to safety. Cole begins to relay the message but instead says he is with the assassin. Just as Davros looks ready to shot Cole in the back of the head Jack shows up and puts two bullets in Davros. Jack rips open Davros's shirt and begins taking cell phone video of the dead assassin's tattoos.Hassan arrives at CTU. Hastings informs Hassan that Farhad was behind the attack. Hastings tells Chloe she did a great job saving the day and promises to note her strong work in his report. They look at video of Davros's tattoos and Dana tells Hastings they are a match for a particular Russian crime syndicate. The only known agent with inside information on the Russians is a former FBI agent who was undercover with them six years earlier. Her name? Renee Walker. Walker apparently resigned over an "internal dispute." Chloe looks skeptical.We see a mob godfather-looking guy (Bazhaev) get a call from Farhad. Farhad is buying something from Bazhaev, who doesn't think the survival of Hassan should change anything. Farhad is going to meet with Bazhaev in person.Taylor and Weiss discuss whether Hassan might still be interested in the peace talks. They call Hassan, who assures them he wants to continue their work and not give his brother the satisfaction. Hassan tells Taylor he thinks his brother was interested in "regime change."Cole and Jack arrive back at CTU. Jack says he's heading for an airport and Los Angeles. Chloe tells Jack that Walker is being brought in. Jack said Walker never returned his phone calls and wants Chloe not to tell her he is at CTU. Chloe mentioned that she's heard Walker had a mental breakdown.Near the morgue Hassan thanks Cole for saving his life. Sensors start going off indicating hazardous materials have been traced. Davros's body had trace elements of weapons grade uranium, which set off the sensors. Hassan thinks he might know what's going on.Walker arrives at CTU and Chloe meets her at the chopper.Hassan reminds Hastings that his country had previously been looking at nuclear weapons but could never enrich enough uranium. His brother had very recently been approached by someone who had access to Russian stockpiles. He thinks Farhad was still interested in helping Kamistan become nuclear-capable and they must prevent him from getting his hands on uranium.Walker breaks down the meaning of Davros's tattoos for the CTU folks. She thinks the Davros is connected to a group called Red Square, a gang she could never get close to. Hastings asks Walker if she will go back undercover and help them get close to Red Square. He offers her an FBI post in return, but she says she will help them for the sake of public safety.On his way out of the building, Chloe informs Jack that Walker is being put back undercover. This news bothers Jack and he immediately goes to Hastings's office to see Walker.Jack tells Walker he doesn't think she is ready for such a mission. He knows she almost killed Wilson during interrogation and it was so bad the FBI let her go. "I know where you are," Jack says. "And it's a dark place." He grabs her wrists and we see there is evidence she has attempted suicide. Walker is adamant she will go through with the mission.Reed leaves custody with a parting shot for Hastings. She goes to see Hassan. She apologizes for admitting the affair and says that was when she knew his feeling for her were genuine. Despite these feelings, Hassan tells her the work he is doing is too important for them to continue their relationship.Walker tells CTU her first step in getting connected with the Russians is a man named Ziya she knew from her undercover days. He is on parole and should be able to lead them to a former higher-up in arms dealing named Vladimir Laitanan. When she gets connected to Vladimir she can dangle the prospect of uranium buyer. The plan is for Cole to play the buyer. Jack breaks into the meeting and clears out everyone besides Hastings and Walker. He says he doesn't think Walker is prepared for such an operation. When Hastings decides to stick with Walker, Jack says he will take Cole's place as the competing buyer.Farhad arrives at Bazhaev's place. Bazhaev's son Josef is nervous about meeting with a man the entire country is looking for, but his father thinks he's being too cautious. Farhad wants proof Bazhaev is in possession of the uranium rods. Bazhaev takes him to a room where his other son is shivering in a corner: "He was transporting the rods," Bazhaev says. "And he was careless. There, you have your proof." The rods can be ready for transportation in five hours. Farhad gets on the phone to talk with his money people.Chloe works on a back story for Walker and Jack. The man they are meeting, Ziya, is working at an auto parts store as part of his parole. Walker is annoyed that she thinks nobody trusts her, including Jack.Dana gets another call from Wade, who has noticed the pictures of Cole in her apartment. She tells him they are engaged and he is furious when she won't come right home to speak with him.Jack and Walker arrive at Ziya's store. She goes in alone and begins catching up on old times, telling Ziya she was released from prison for god behavior. She wants him to get in touch with Vladimir and tells Ziya she will cut him in on the deal. He refuses to use a telephone to contact Vladimir and tells Walker he cannot leave because of his parole bracelet. She tells him she knows how to fix the situation and places his hand in a vice. She grabs an electric saw and he tells her that she can't cut the bracelet. "I'm not going to cut the bracelet," she says before jamming the thing into Ziya's wrist and sending blood spraying everywhere.Ziya's screams send Jack running inside. He yells at Walker that the mission is over. Walker dismissively tells Jack to find something to cauterize the wound with and heads for the door.
