Open with Jack receiving medical attention for the gunshots he took. Though he's on the verge of a collapsed lung he refuses more care. Walker tells him the rods are definitely in Manhattan, but they can't be too far behind.Based on a tip, Chloe finds a clip of the rods being unloaded six minutes earlier. They use that to find Samir on satellite. Of course Dana quickly calls him and helps guide him away from CTU surveillance. She disconnects the satellite image and allows Samir and his cab to blend in with cab traffic a few blocks away. Dana tells Samir he is clear and he demands he give her checkpoints for NYPD patrols. She is worried it could blow her cover.Hastings is forced to tell President Taylor and Kanin that he cannot guarantee the safety of Manhattan. Weiss is furious. Taylor all branches at the ready and has Kanin set up a situation room with her national security team. Taylor wants to contact Jack.Jack and Cole seem to be suspicious that the satellite feed was knocked for just enough time to allow Samir to get away.Taylor asks Jack to supervise bringing Hassan from the UN to the air force base where she is working. He agrees and Walker demands to help.Samir and Faroush arrive with the rods at a secure location. The bomb-builder tells Samir all they need to do is add the rods and the device will be ready. It seems that Faroush has assumed the role of "driver" and Samir tells him he wants to place the bomb soon after talking with Taylor.Jack and Walker meet Secret Service agent O'Connor. She tells them they will be evacuating Hassan via subterranean route to New Jersey.During the national security meeting General David Brucker is already suggesting retaliation targets in Kamistan. The meeting is interrupted with word that Samir is on the phone for Taylor. He tells her he will not hurt Americans as long as she hands over Hassan. She says that will never happen and Samir tells her she has one hour to change her mind. Taylor is told that the bomb could kill between 100,000 and 150,000 people. Weiss is immediately open to the idea of giving up Hassan, while Kanin thinks the idea is ridiculous. Brucker thinks they now have a "viable" option; Taylor does not agree. Taylor is ready to deal with the worse-case scenario and not give in to a terrorist.Dana has Chloe give her the checkpoints. She tells Samir, who is convinced Taylor will give up Hassan. Samir is told the bomb is ready.Brucker takes Weiss aside and suggest a covert operation where the U.S. delivers Hassan to the terrorists but makes it look like it he was taken by the terrorists themselves. Weiss tells him Hassan's transfer plans are being handled through Kanin's office. Brucker suggests they get the information to counteract an "illegal" order by the president.Hastings tells CTU that the device may be detonated within 50 minutes. Dana passes along the NYPD roadblocks to Samir. He gives this info to Faroush, who is driving the bomb.Brucker and Weiss go into Kanin's laptop and pull up the particulars of Hassan's Jack-lead security detail. Kanin comes in and realizes what is going on. Brucker won't let Kanin leave the room. Kanin begs Weiss not to betray his president, just before seeming to have a heart attack. Weiss helps him take his pills but Brucker won't allow them to call for medical help until Hassan has been acquired.While helping escort Hassan, Jack notices that Kanin tried to call him. He leaves Kanin a message.Brucker talks to his ambush team and instructs them to make sure they take Hassan alive.Jack tells Walker his inability to reach Kanin is concerning. Hassan's security team has a 200-meter walk through a tunnel to the escape vehicles. Brucker's ambush team is waiting for them.An aide knocks on Kanin's door trying to connect him to Jack. Weiss tells Jack that Kanin is tied up and ends up hanging up the phone. This puts Jack on high alert and he has Hassan and his family turn back for the UN. The ambush team sees this and opens fire. Jack instructs Walker to escort Hassan and his family into the UN. Jack and O'Connor engage the ambush team in a massive firefight. Jack rejoins Hassan and they try to run to safety. Jack realizes they won't make it and they find a spot for cover. Jack and Walker set off a smoke bomb and engage the ambush team. Hassan, who has been given a weapon, ends up saving Jack's life. Jack grabs one of their attackers and learns of Samir wanting Hassan handed over.Dana tells Samir that thus far it seems Hassan will not be given up. She briefly attempts to talk him out of detonating the bomb. Samir calls Faroush and tells him to "start the countdown." He tells Faroush his family "will be honored above all others." Faroush presses buttons on a remote and the bomb begins counting down from 15 minutes.
