Dr. Pratt's disabled roommate leads him to a wounded thief. Dr Carter decides to practice medicine in Chechnya. A doctor makes a pass at Dr. Corday.
Dr. Pratt continues to have problems when his roommate Leon gets involved in a liquor store robbery where both a policeman and a thief were shot. The ER is crawling with cops and despite Pratt's instructions to stay home, Leon shows up to see how his injured friend is doing. Abby is surprised to learn from Luka that Carter is considering going to Chechnya for a few weeks to work with an international aid organization. A handsome young vascular surgeon, Dr. Eddie Dorset, takes an interest in Dr. Corday. Abby's brother Eric makes contact and tells her he has bought an airplane. Dr. Romano is increasingly frustrated at his inability to perform surgery and decides to supervise a resident who is a bit unsure about his ability to complete the operation alone. Alderman Bright arranges a funding boost for County General. Medical student Erin Harkins completes her ER rotation. Dr. Carter decides to help Dr. McNulty by making a significant contribution to his street clinic. Dr. Pratt comes up with a solution to his problem with Leon and asks Michael Gallant to help out.
Dr. Pratt continues to have problems when his roommate Leon gets involved in a liquor store robbery where both a policeman and a thief were shot. The ER is crawling with cops and despite Pratt's instructions to stay home, Leon shows up to see how his injured friend is doing. Dr. Pratt comes up with a solution to his problem with Leon and asks Michael Gallant to help out. Abby is surprised to learn from Luka that Carter is considering going to Chechnya for a few weeks to work with an international aid organization. A handsome young vascular surgeon, Dr. Eddie Dorset, takes an interest in Dr. Corday. Dr. Romano is increasingly frustrated at his inability to perform surgery and decides to supervise a resident who is a bit unsure about his ability to complete the operation alone. Alderman Bright arranges a funding boost for County General. Medical student Erin Harkins completes her ER rotation. Dr. Carter decides to help Dr. McNulty by making a significant contribution to his street clinic.
