An ancient prophecy seems to be coming true when a mysterious presence begins stalking the corridors of a school of magic and leaving its victims paralyzed.
Forced to spend his summer holidays with his muggle relations, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) gets a real shock when he gets a surprise visitor: Dobby (Toby Jones) the house-elf, who warns Harry against returning to Hogwarts, for terrible things are going to happen. Harry decides to ignore Dobby's warning and continues with his pre-arranged schedule. But at Hogwarts, strange and terrible things are indeed happening. Harry is suddenly hearing mysterious voices from inside the walls, muggle-born students are being attacked, and a message scrawled on the wall in blood puts everyone on his or her guard, "The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. Enemies Of The Heir, Beware".
It's year two at Hogwarts, and Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) are back learning, but their year doesn't go passed quietly. Members of the school are turning up petrified and bloody writings are appearing on the walls, revealing to everyone, that someone has opened the Chamber of Secrets. The attacks continue, bringing the possibility of the closure of Hogwarts. Harry and his friends are now forced to secretly uncover the truth about the chamber before the school closes or any lives are taken.
When a crazy house-elf named Dobby (Toby Jones) arrives in Harry's (Daniel Radcliffe's) room, he warns him that there is a plot to destroy Hogwarts and that he shouldn't return. Harry then starts hearing voices through the walls, students being petrified, and a girl who died in a bathroom. He soon finds out that it is a basilisk roaming in the Chamber Of Secrets, under the control from a memory of Lord Voldemort. Is Voldemort still inactive? Or will it be a friend of his being controlled?
Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is in his second year of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He is visited by a house-elf named Dobby (Toby Jones), and warned not to go back to Hogwarts. Harry ignores his warning, and returns. He is still famous, although still disliked by Snape (Alan Rickman), Draco (Tom Felton), and the rest of the Slytherins. But then, strange things start to happen. People are becoming petrified, and no one knows what is doing it. Harry keeps hearing a voice, a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls. They are told the story of the Chamber of Secrets. It is said that only Salazar Slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it. Harry, it turns out, is a Parsel-tongue. This means that he is able to speak with and understand snakes. Everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the Chamber of Secrets because that is what Slytherin was famous for.
Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) returns to Hogwarts School of Wizardry for his second year. After a confrontation with a house-elf named Dobby (Toby Jones), Harry escapes to the Weasley house with Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) in a flying car. They are then late for the train and have to ride it to school. When they get there, strange happenings invade the school. "Mudbloods" (people of Muggle families) are "petrified" by an evil monster lurking in the grounds. When everyone suspects that it is Harry, the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for: the diary of Tom Riddle (Christian Coulson), why Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) was expelled, and what the Chamber of Secrets is, and why is it so feared in Hogwarts.
