Harry Potter finds himself competing in a hazardous tournament between rival schools of magic, but he is distracted by recurring nightmares.
Harry's (Daniel Radcliffe's) fourth year at Hogwarts is about to start and he is enjoying the summer vacation with his friends. They get the tickets to The Quidditch World Cup Final, but after the match is over, people dressed like Lord Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') "Death Eaters" set a fire to all of the visitors' tents, coupled with the appearance of Voldemort's symbol, the "Dark Mark" in the sky, which causes a frenzy across the magical community. That same year, Hogwarts is hosting "The Triwizard Tournament", a magical tournament between three well-known schools of magic : Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. The contestants have to be above the age of seventeen, and are chosen by a magical object called "The Goblet of Fire". On the night of selection, however, the Goblet spews out four names instead of the usual three, with Harry unwittingly being selected as the Fourth Champion. Since the magic cannot be reversed, Harry is forced to go with it and brave three exceedingly difficult tasks.
Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) returns to Hogwarts for his fourth year, where the Triwizard Tournament is soon due to begin. Students must be over seventeen to enter, with the winner receiving eternal glory. Harry can't enter it this year, or can he. When his name is read out from the Goblet of Fire, everyone assumes that Harry has cheated. Harry insists that he never placed his name in there, with someone else behind it. But who? Harry must now survive through dragons, sea creatures and a terrifying maze, all before coming face-to-face with a particular dark wizard.
The Tri-Wizard Tournament is open. Four champions are selected to compete in three terrifying tasks in order to win the Tri-Wizard Cup. Meanwhile, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is selected by the Goblet of Fire to compete while struggling to keep up the pace with classes and friends. He must confront fierce dragons, aggressive mermaids, and a dark wizard that hasn't been able to make his move for thirteen years.
Harry's (Daniel Radcliffe's) fourth summer and the following year at Hogwarts are marked by the Quidditch World Cup and the Triwizard Tournament, in which student representatives from three different wizarding schools compete in a series of increasingly challenging contests. However, Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') Death Eaters are gaining strength and even creating the Dark Mark giving evidence that the Dark Lord is ready to rise again. In the unsuspecting lives of the young wizard and witches at Hogwarts, the competitors are selected by the Goblet of Fire, which this year makes a very surprising announcement: Hogwarts will have two representatives in the tournament, including Harry Potter. Will Harry be able to rise to the challenge for the Triwizard Tournament while keeping up with school or will the challenges along with Voldemort's rebirth be too much for the young hero?
This installment takes us deeper into the characters' minds and the darkness of the Wizarding World. At the Quidditch World Cup, Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') followers gather and wreak havoc. Then, at Hogwarts, a legendary event takes place. The Triwizard Tournament. The Goblet of Fire judges who gets in and who doesn't. On the fateful night, three champions are selected. But then the Goblet spits out one other, Harry's (Daniel Radcliffe's). These two major events point to the return of Lord Voldemort. Dumbledore (Sir Michael Gambon) and the other teachers sense it, but it is inevitable. And Harry is no longer safe at Hogwarts. This installment is the most dramatic, and also the scariest. Let me just say that all does not necessarily end well.
