Harry Potter, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for their third year of study, where they delve into the mystery surrounding an escaped prisoner who poses a dangerous threat to the young wizard.
Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) is having a tough time with his relatives (yet again). He runs away after using magic to inflate Uncle Vernon's (Richard Griffiths') sister Marge (Pam Ferris), who was being offensive towards Harry's parents. Initially scared for using magic outside the school, he is pleasantly surprised that he won't be penalized after all. However, he soon learns that a dangerous criminal and Voldemort's trusted aide Sirius Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from Azkaban Prison and wants to kill Harry to avenge the Dark Lord. To worsen the conditions for Harry, vile creatures called Dementors are appointed to guard the school gates and inexplicably happen to have the most horrible effect on him. Little does Harry know that by the end of this year, many holes in his past (whatever he knows of it) will be filled up and he will have a clearer vision of what the future has in store.
In the summer before his third year at Hogwarts, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) becomes fed up with his horrible aunt and uncle, and after accidentally inflating his visiting Aunt Marge (Pam Ferris), he runs away. Unfortunately, there's much more danger in the wizarding world than Harry thought. Convicted murderer Sirius Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from the wizarding prison Azkaban. Black is known as Lord Voldemort's most devoted follower, and he's after Harry to avenge Voldemort and finish the job. But not everything is what it seems, and inside of Hogwarts there may just be a traitor.
"He's at Hogwarts. He's at Hogwarts." The infamous Sirius Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from Azkaban Prison and all sources believe he's after Harry Potter's (Daniel Radcliffe's) life. What connection could there be between Harry's past and this crazed murderer? Can Harry figure it out before Black gets to him? And why does Mr. Arthur Weasley (Mark Williams) think Harry may want to find Black first? A shocking insight to a night twelve years ago.
Harry's life is in mortal danger again, this time more than ever. First, a killer named Sirus Black (Gary Oldman) has escaped from Azkaban Prison, and it seems that he broke out just to finish what his master wanted to do thirteen years ago: kill Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe). Also, for Harry's protection, Azkaban has sent hundreds of Dementors to guard Hogwarts in an attempt to catch Black. But will they turn out to be a great help or a big mistake?
Approaching his third year at Hogwarts, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) has had enough of his muggle relatives. He runs away from them (finally) and enters his third term facing trouble from more than one side: for using magic outside the school and from the news that a notorious criminal, Sirius Black (Gary Oldman), has escaped the wizard's prison at Azkaban and apparently is headed for Harry. The school calls in supernatural help against Black in the form of Dementors, but unusual things continue to put Harry in peril. He is thrown into a confusing panoply of shifting alliegences and shifting shapes where nobody is who or what they seem. Who is the real criminal? What is the real crime? Who is telling or knows the truth?
