With their warning about Lord Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') return scoffed at, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) and Dumbledore (Sir Michael Gambon) are targeted by the Wizard authorities as an authoritarian bureaucrat slowly seizes power at Hogwarts.
After a lonely summer on Privet Drive, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) returns to a Hogwarts full of ill-fortune. Few of students and parents believe him or Dumbledore (Sir Michael Gambon) that Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) is really back. The ministry had decided to step in by appointing a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Dolores Umbridge (Imelda Staunton), who proves to be the nastiest person Harry has ever encountered. Harry also can't help stealing glances with the beautiful Cho Chang (Katie Leung). To top it off are dreams that Harry can't explain, and a mystery behind something for which Voldemort is searching. With these many things, Harry begins one of his toughest years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
After returning to Hogwarts to begin his fifth year at Hogwarts, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) discovers that much of the wizarding world, including the Ministry of Magic, is in denial about Lord Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') return. The Order of the Phoenix, a group sworn against Voldemort, is using its vast array of wizards and witches magical abilities to combat Voldemort. Cornelius Fudge (Robert Hardy), Minister for Magic, suspects that Dumbledore (Sir Michael Gambon) is using these claims of The Dark Lord's return as a means to over-throw Fudge as Minister. In retaliation, a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher is appointed by the Ministry in order to keep an eye on Hogwarts. This new teacher, Professor Dolores Umbridge (Imelda Staunton), implies strict new teachings and rules, forcing a group of students, under the tutelage of Harry, to form a club, by the name of "Dumbledore's Army".
As another year begins for Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, so do the never-ending articles stating that he and Dumbledore (Sir Michael Gambon) are insane. As the ministry starts to invent new and malicious lies about Harry's account of Voldemort's return, Hogwarts begins to change for the worse as the ministry sends in their cure for all of the insanity, Professor Dolores Jane Umbridge (Imelda Staunton). As she begins to inflict her rules and regulations on the students, they begin to find that with her as their teacher, they'll never be ready for the outside world. So Harry, along with his friends, decide to take things into their own hands and begin to learn magic the real way. As Harry starts having visions of terrible events happening within the Ministries very walls, he decides to take action, leading himself and his friends into battle, ultimately teaching them what friendship, loyalty, and sacrifice really means.
After a disastrous summer with the Dursleys, including an encounter with the Dementors, Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) is shunned by friends upon returning to Hogwarts, after the return of Lord Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes) and no one believes him. He starts his fifth year while new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Dolores Jane Umbridge (Imelda Staunton) refuses to teach them defensive spells while refuting Harry's claims of the Dark Lord's return. So Harry sets out, with Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson), to start up "Dumbledore's Army" to battle evil forces and prepare the fellow young witches and wizards for the extraordinary journey that lies ahead.
It's another year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends. The previous year, he witnessed not just the death of Cedric Diggory (Robert Pattinson), but also the return of the Dark Lord, Voldemort (Ralph Fiennes). The Ministry of Magic doesn't believe everything Harry says and will do anything to keep everyone calm. Hogwarts begins changing, especially when Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Professor Dolores Umbridge (Imelda Staunton) arrives to take over the school. Now, with Voldemort's army getting closer, Harry and his friends must teach themselves and form an army to take on the upcoming threat.
