Everybody loves to watch "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas," even Sheldon. He can understand people crying when the Grinch's heart grows three sizes, as hypertropic myopathy is quite painful, and he can totally identify with the Grinch...until he gave back the gifts. ("What a buzzkill that was.")LEONARD: When we watch "Frosty the Snowman," he roots for the sun.One can't blame Leonard for getting into Christmas these days, as his youth holidays were spent writing papers on the psychological and anthropological effects of the holidays on society. There were even discussion groups, something that obviously Sheldon can get with, as he feels Sir Isaac Newton better represents Christmas than Jesus Christ does, since Newton's birthday actually falls on the holiday. Fortunately for Leonard, he switches topics. Unfortunately for Penny, the topic is the impending arrival of Leonard's mother, who does not know the two of them are dating. Of course, Sheldon is more than happy to point out why while putting his Sir Isaac Newton ornament on the spider-invested fire hazard that is a tree. (I'm Catholic, and I sympathize that 12 straight hours of church followed by a fruitcake will put anybody out.) He also points out that Leonard's mother likely thinks that Penny is not worthy stock for their family, given that "her greatest accomplishment is memorizing the Cheesecake Factory menu."PENNY: It's a big menu! There's two pages just for desserts!LEONARD: I agree. And those specials, they just change every day!PENNY: You know, it's lame when I say it. It's just ridiculous when you pile on.Dr. Beverly Hofstadter thanks Sheldon for picking her up from the airport...even though Leonard did the driving. ("Yes, mummy's proud.") Apparently, Sheldon and she have kept in close contact, comparing notes, video chatting, and Sheldon is sympathetic to her about her carpal tunnel surgery and the engagement of Leonard's brother...none of which she told Leonard.At dinner, Dr. Hofstadter wanted to know if Howard and Raj had finally admitted their homosexual feelings toward one another. Howard is happy to report he now has a girlfriend, whom he can't produce because Bernadette's grandmother died, and she went out of town. ("I see. Her *grandmother* died.")HOWARD: Her name is Bernadette, she's a waitress, and she's studying to be a microbiologist!DR. HOFSTADTER: Howard, keep in mind, the more you stick to this construct, the more you're hurting your partner. (Raj)Penny arrives and confirms that she still has "daddy issues," since her father got his"little slugger with breasts" a football and catcher's mitt for Christmas. On a side note, Dr. Hofstadter talks about her impending divorce. Jaw, meet floor.DR. HOFSTADTER: Yes, he was cheating on me with some waitress from the university cafeteria. Can you believe that? A *waitress*. (to Penny) No offense, dear.PENNY: No, it sounded like a compliment.LEONARD: When did this happen??DR. HOFSTADTER: Hmm, let's see. Sheldon, when did I leave Leonard's father?SHELDON: Um, September 22nd.DR. HOFSTADTER: Oh, right. The weekend after Leonard's dog died.LEONARD: MITZY'S DEAD?!?!?!?Leonard is, to say the least, not happy with the situation. Therfore Penny has to drive Dr. Hofstadter back to her hotel...and endure yet someone else who complains about her check engine light. Penny can't believe Dr. Hofstadter is more upset about the check engine light than her divorce.DR. HOFSTADTER: Well, initially I did feel something akin to grief and perhaps anger. But that's the natural reaction of the limbic system by being betrayed by a loathsome son of a bitch.Fortunately, they hadn't had sex for 8 years, so the shock is lessened by that...and the fact that she's been responsible for her own orgasms since 1982. (Wow, we have something in common.)PENNY: Yikes!DR. HOFSTADTER: That's exactly what I say during orgasms.Penny SO needs a drink, and is willing to teach Dr. Hofstadter how to do that. On the other hand, Sheldon's methods of comforting Leonard need some work.SHELDON: Leonard, what you're experiencing is the classic Jungian crisis in which the aging individual mourns the loss of the never-to-be-realized ideal family unit. ("Weltschmerz", as the Germans say) Leonard should take comfort, though, as Sheldon is his surrogate family. Or at least take comfort in the fact that Sheldon is not happy about it, either.Several shots later, Penny and Dr. Hofstadter are feeling no pain. In fact, Dr. Hofstadter is sensing a lowering of her inhibitions, to the point where she wants to take the busboy and have him ravish her while eating cheesecake. Penny takes the opportunity to tell her that she is sleeping with Leonard.DR. HOFSTADTER: Well, that's convenient. How did his penis turn out?PENNY: Beverly, I really can't talk to my boyfriend's mother about his penis.DR. HOFSTADTER: Fair enough. What can you tell me about that busboy's penis?PENNY: Actually, I've only had the cheesecake.Dr. Hofstadter concludes either Leonard is embarrassed about the relationship or doesn't care enough about his mother to tell her. Now both women are interested in the answer and have no problem waking Leonard up in their drunken state to find out.DR. HOFSTADTER: Why didn't you tell me you were tapping my homegirl?!?!? (to Penny) Did I say that right?After a night of drunkenness (which has to explain the trip to Del Taco), Leonard insists that she doesn't communicate with him, so what right does she have to say anything? She gets the point that he wants a more intimate mother-son relationship, and she hugs him.DR. HOFSTADTER: There, it's late. Now go to bed. (to Penny) I'm getting a warm feeling spreading through my heart.PENNY: That's the Del Taco.Sheldon is woken up by the pounding of Leonard's head against the door, and Dr. Hofstadter still has that warm feeling. She grabs Sheldon and kisses him.DR. HOFSTADTER: Nah, I'd still rather have the busboy.The next day, Leonard and Sheldon are driving (well, Leonard is) the corpse he once knew as his mother to the airport. She's in no mood to discuss the previous night. Actually, nobody is willing to talk about her inappropriate behavior the previous night. On the good side, Dr. Hofstadter gives her complete blessing for Leonard to date Penny.DR. HOFSTADTER: She doesn't have much in the way of career prospects, and don't make her responsible for her own orgasms as well.LEONARD: Mom, you know when I said we don't communicate enough? I'm over it.Happy holidays!
