The gang is enjoying dinner, including Penny (Kaley Cuoco). But Sheldon (Jim Parsons) knows the best things in life are free, so... Howard (Simon Helberg) needs to know whom Raj (Kunal Nayyar) is bringing as his plus one to the wedding, if he is bringing someone. Otherwise, the spot goes to the doctor who sucked the fat out of his mother's neck. Raj insists he is bringing someone, and everyone starts peppering him with questions on who it is. But he won't say...actually he's quite defensive about it. Sheldon doesn't like wedding receptions, but did enjoy Professor Geyser's wedding because it had a make-your-own-sundae bar, which Howard's reception won't have.SHELDON: Well you should. 50% of all marriages end in divorce, but 100% of make-your-own-sundae bars end in happiness.Apparently, Raj is desperate enough for a date where he calls for help from his parents. Given they think he's about to admit he's gay, he must REALLY be desperate. He asks them to help find him a wife.MRS. KOOTHRAPPALI: And just to clarify...a female wife?MR. KOOTHRAPPALI: A matchmaker. So much smarter than marrying for love.MRS. KOOTHRAPPALI: (understandably pissed) WE married for love.Penny decided to pay back Sheldon and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) for always eating at their apartment. She took the residual money she got from her commercial and bought Sheldon a vintage 1975 Mego Star Trek Transporter with real transporter action. Although it didn't rate the level of giving Penny a hug, but she did get the finger gun from Sheldon. She went to the comic book store by herself and caused two guys to have asthma attacks, which she took as flattery. She got Leonard a label maker, which he thanked her for until she revealed she got him a transporter as well. Bye-bye label maker! Sheldon even has a Mr. Spock action figure that would fit, and Penny want to open up the transporters. But the guys panic, saying the value will go down if they open them up.LEONARD: Once you open a box, it loses its value.PENNY: Yeah, yeah, my mom gave me the same lecture about my virginity. I gotta tell you, it was a lot more fun when I took it out and played with it.Raj brings Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) with him to chaperone his date, which is not unusual for first meetings in arranged marriages. Plus, compared to them, Raj looks like he's 6'2". Lakshmi arrives and everybody settles down for dinner.RAJ: (quietly, to Bernadette) I'm thinking double-wedding.Sheldon is getting some work done because with quantum mechanics, it's like the universe is naked. However, a voice calls out. The voice was coming from his 1975 Mr. Spock action figure, and take three guesses what voice he heard. The Mr. Spock action figure, voiced by , tells Sheldon he should play with the transporter, even gesturing to it. (every reviewer will say that made the episode) Sheldon protests it's in mint condition, but Spock reminds him, like Spock, he has a human half.SPOCK: What is the purpose of a toy?SHELDON: To be played with.SPOCK: And therefore, to not play with it would be...SHELDON: ...illogical. Damn it, you're right, Spock.Of course, Sheldon has to wake up first, so he does and plays with it. And breaks it. Sheldon is freaking out until he remembers there are two transporters in the house.SHELDON: It's only logical.Raj's date with Lakshmi went well enough for him to cook for her at home. After all he is a metrosexual. ("I like women...and their skin care products.") Lakshmi is impressed with Raj and discovers she had four missed calls, two text messages and a failed videochat from her parents wanting to know how the date was going. (Raj had only three missed calls.) Both of them want to tell their parents things are going well, but Lakshmi might want to tell Raj something first: she's a lesbian. But Lakshmi figured Raj of all people would understand how hard it is to come out in Indian culture. Raj denies being gay, even though he baked Lakshmi chocolate lava cake, has little soaps in the bathroom, and is wearing more perfume than she is. Also, there are rumors back in New Delhi that he was gay.LAKSHMI: Fill in the blank. I love the nightlife...RAJ: ...I like to boogie.LAKSHMI: Gotcha.RAJ: But, I like to boogie with women!Lakshmi is disappointed because Raj was exactly the type of phony-baloney husband her parents would have loved. But she'll settle for the chocolate lava cake.RAJ: Wait, you don't want to put a bite in your mouth until you try my Chantilly Cream. (pauses) OK, that time I heard it.Sheldon has another dream and ends up on planet Vulcan. ("Oh, dear. Two suns and no sunscreen.") Spock tells Sheldon he's ashamed of him for switching his transporter for Leonard's. Sheldon rationalizes that Leonard will never take the transporter out of the box so he'd never know, but Spock is still unhappy.SHELDON: But where you come from, they don't have emotions.SPOCK: I come from a factory in Taiwan.But the "green-blooded buzzkill" insists Sheldon put Leonard's transporter back. And then a Gorn attacks Sheldon...which is actually smaller than him but he's still frightened. Whatevs...Raj finds Howard and tells him Lakshmi was a lesbian. But given Raj hadn't been successful with women, he was contemplating going through with a fake marriage to get his parents off his back and Lakshmi's parents off of hers. Howard tells him he's crazy and that he should tell his parents he wants someone who hasn't slept with more women than him.Sheldon tries to switch boxes back but can't bring himself to do it. Leonard and Penny come home and Penny convinces him to play with the transporter. Since Leonard never would have sold it anyway because she bought it for him, he opened it. Sheldon was in a state of panic, of course. But Penny and Leonard think Stuart sold it to them broken. And of course, Sheldon is ready to let them do that, but Sheldon told them the truth. His toy was the one broken and he switched it. Which was another lie. Several lies later, he talked about Spock coming to him in a dream and forcing him to open and break the toy. And then he was attacked by a Gorn. (LEONARD: OK, that I believe.)SHELDON: (handing Leonard his transporter) And even though I don't have one anymore, I hope you have fun playing with it.LEONARD: And that's a lie.SHELDON: A big fat whopper. I hope it breaks.Bernadette and Howard come over, and Bernadette gives Raj something to cuddle with while waiting for Ms. Right: a little puppy.RAJ: Oh, aren't you the cutest little Yorkie! Let's see if you fit in my man purse!BERNADETTE: (quietly, to Howard) Heterosexual, my ass.
