Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has a new idea for getting kids excited about science: Physics Mad-Libs. I'm going to skip them playing, it'd take too long. Besides, Sheldon laughs so much, we don't get to hear it anyway. President Siebert comes by in a bad mood, so he must be looking for Sheldon. Sure enough, he's there to tell Sheldon he has to take his required vacation days, which coincidentally, is the most popular suggestion in the suggestion boxes...that Sheldon put up. Siebert suggests Afghanistan, since it's so nice there this time of year.SHELDON: Sarcasm?HOWARD: (thinks about it) No, you should go.Leonard (Johnny Galecki) enjoys the Sheldon-free ride to work (although he'll never become a member of the Black-Eyed Peas). But Sheldon was hiding in his car and insisted Leonard sneak him into work. He even had a wig and hat to fool the guard. (If the guard was Stevie Wonder, he had a 50/50 shot.) But Leonard drives him right back home.Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) gave Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) a hand with her wedding invitations. Penny was grateful they weren't written in Klingon, although a little note on the back was written that way. Bernadette hopes her relatives think it's Hebrew. But she has a bigger problem: her father is pressuring her to have Howard sign a prenuptial agreement since she makes so much more money than him. Both Penny and Amy can sympathize with her plight.AMY: Parental pressure can be daunting. I remember the battle with my mother about shaving my legs. Last year, I finally gave in and just let her do it.Penny suggests breaking it to Howard in bed, as that's how she broke it to one guy she was sleeping with his brother. (and broke it to his brother the same way)BERNADETTE: I don't want to manipulate him with sex.PENNY: Oh sweetie, that's what sex is for.Amy comforts her by saying the term wedding can be traced back to the dowry the husband used to pay the bride's father, and Bernadette would easily go for two oxen and a goose. (to Penny) "You'd fetch a unicorn."The guys huddle to come up with ideas for Sheldon to take a vacation. Hawaii? A former leper colony built on a volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. "Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii." Florida? Sheldon one went there and got his hot dog taken by a seagull. He took the hint. Finally, he figured he'll do what Richard Feynman did on vacation: work in his friend's lab. He explains to Howard (Simon Helberg) Feynman was a brilliant physicist who worked on the Manhattan Project.HOWARD: Every person in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman is.SHELDON: And now you do, too.In the hallway, Penny tells Leonard about Bernadette wanting a pre-nup. He wasn't happy Penny told her that secret, but she admits she thinks about marriage sometimes and wonders if he would want a pre-nup if she became a famous actress.LEONARD: Absolutely not. I'm going to be stuck at home with the kids while you're on location cheating on me with Ryan Gosling? The Leonard's gots to get paid!Sheldon is excited to be working in Amy's lab, and Amy's glad to have her boyfriend with her. She thinks it's romantic. (SHELDON: Way to kill the mood.) But Amy thinks of it like Marie Curie and her husband working together under the glow of the radium that eventually killed her. (AMY: Screw "Beauty and the Beast!" THAT'S the story Disney should tell!) Sheldon's first assignment is to clean some beakers for her. Sheldon, you might suspect, thinks it is beneath him. But Amy says he has no experience in the field of biology. But he bought a Tomagotchi in 1998 and it's still alive. (virtual pet)Leonard talks to Raj (Kunal Nayyar) about breaking the news about the pre-nup to Howard. Despite Raj's -inspired advice of "follow your heart," he tells Howard. Howard is sort of cool with it. Certainly he understands Bernadette's motivation for doing it, and he has some assets to protect, such as his Vespa, some vintage comics, and the double-plot at Mt. Sinai he and his mom have right next to the guy who played Mr. Roper on Three's Company (1976). (RAJ: Mr. Roper's dead?!?!? You can't just spring that on a guy!)Sheldon cleans the beakers, only they have soap spots. He does them over again, which was his alternative to testing one that once contained the spinal fluid of an elephant that died of syphilis. His next task of counting spores seemed much more up his alley, until Amy asked him how he was doing and lost track. Finally he's had enough and challenges her. She accepts the challenge and tells him to cut the hair-thin locus coleus from a brain sample. He cuts, and is surprised there's blood. The blood was coming from his finger. Yes, he faints.Howard and Sheldon go to drown their sorrows at the Cheesecake Factory, but Penny decides to set both of them straight.PENNY: All right, Howard Wolowitz. Listen up. You will sign anything she puts in front of you because you are the luckiest man alive. If you let her go, there is no way you'll find anyone else. Speaking on behalf of all women, it's not going to happen. We had a meeting. And you (Sheldon), fainting at the sight of a little blood?SHELDON: (takes off his bandage) This is a fairly substantial wound. I...(faints)They got straightened out. Sheldon apologized to Amy...after several rather arrogant tries at it. Howard decided he would talk to Bernadette's dad. Although she did warn him he was a retired cop who still wore a gun. (just as a fashion statement) And avoid topics like Jimmy Carter, gardeners, homosexuals, foreigners, Sean Penn, Vatican II, the designated hitter rule, organic food, or that he's Jewish.HOWARD: Why don't I talk to him about it in May?BERNADETTE: In May, you're going to be on the International Space Station.HOWARD: They've got a phone.
