Saturday night is Dungeons & Dragons night, much to the delight of the guys and the chagrin of the girls. Actually, Amy (Mayim Bialik) was kind of on-board with it until Sheldon (Jim Parsons) told her she wasn't invited. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) couldn't believe Leonard (Johnny Galecki) was whining about not getting to play D&D anymore.PENNY: (sarcasm) Oh, you poor thing. Is having a real-life girlfriend who has sex with you getting in the way of your board games?LEONARD: (in desperate need of his "sarcasm!" sign) A little bit, yeah.Not only was Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) upset that Howard (Simon Helberg) was ruining their lone free night of the week, Howard copped out by saying the guys would blame her if he blew it off. And Raj (Kunal Nayyar) has to break a dinner date and a chance to go see the Christmas lights. But Stuart (Kevin Sussman) was more geeked about a D&D night anyway, so he got off pretty easily.As Dungeon Master, Leonard had a surprise for everyone. The D&D quest he created included in a village of massacred elves, (SHELDON: I like where this is heading), rescuing their leader from a dungeon of ogres (SHELDON: What a saucy twist.), who just happened to be Santa Claus.SHELDON: Oh, no, no, no!LEONARD: Actually, it's 'ho, ho, ho' but you'll get the hang of it.Raj was excited about the game. ("Oh, man! The first monster I see, I'm going to sneak up behind him, whip out my wand, and shoot my magic all over his ass!") And no, Stuart, Raj doesn't think before he says things like that. Nor does he like to follow plans, charging in to rescue Santa. He hits a tripwire and gets blasted out of the game by a cannon. (SHELDON: Lucky!) No rods of resurrection, either. ("Get in here with your rod and give it to me!")The ladies won't take being stood up lying down, although the dresses they wore could mean they'd be lying down next to someone that night. Bernadette sported leather pumps and a red wrap dress (rawr!) from Forever 21 (clearly adhering to the 'ladies' night out' motif), while Amy was showing a lot of ankle with a dress she clearly got from Forever 63, while Penny had on her little black dress...emphasis on little. ("It got me out of 2 speeding tickets and jury duty.") And none of the guys cared. (SHELDON: I know they're making a rhetorical point, but I don't know what it is.) Except for Raj, who begged and pleaded to join them on ladies' night. Penny decided he could.RAJ: (crazy excited) Girls Night! Girls night! Woot woot!STUART: Seriously, how does he not hear that?At the bar, Raj was feeling quite generous and paid for champagne for the group, which Penny really appreciated. Anything to avoid the Pabst. It was time to get Raj a girl. But a one-night stand or a relationship? (AMY: Let's get him laid!) Raj was gun-shy but some Trent-like encouragement from the ladies convinced him to let them help. Provided the girl they got for him was at least a 9 or a 10. But he'd take an 8 if she had another 8 willing to join them in the hottub.BERNADETTE: (seeing through his BS) Bottom line, you'll take any woman who will have you?RAJ: In a New Delhi minute.Back at the apartment, while Stuart lamented Leonard buying his figurines online instead of at Stuart's store. Howard finds a large treasure chest, and Howard decides to bury his head in the chest and motorboat it. (If you don't know what that means, you really shouldn't watch this show. And definitely don't watch 2 Broke Girls (2011).) Suddenly, the door to the room shuts and the walls start closing in! The only clue was "if squashed to death you wish not to be, sing Svaty Vaclav and his victory!" But Sheldon knew what to do. Svaty Vaclav was better known as Good King Wenceslas! (HOWARD: I never heard of that. It must be the only Christmas song not written by a Jewish guy.) He sings their way out of trouble (and the cheers from the audience are louder for that than the slinky dresses the ladies were wearing, so we know where the audience's priorities are). Sheldon remembered that from Mee-Maw and Pop-Pop singing Christmas carols in front of the fire while he tried to build an energy particle accelerator out of his Legos. But there were four more verses to sing.It turns out the ladies are really good matchmakers, given the girl Raj was talking to was just dumped by her boyfriend, was angry, was drunk, and her favorite movie was Slumdog Millionaire (2008). (AMY: That is some low-hanging fruit.) And Raj was successful, even getting her email address: jennifer@not-if-you-were-the-last-guy-on-earth.loser. (I swear I registered that domain in 2003.) Raj was despondent, once again being attracted to women who were way out of his league. He even admitted to that about Penny and Bernadette. Which was actually news to Amy. He explained what happened with Penny and how he misinterpreted them getting drunk, naked, and into bed. And this was getting awkward.AMY: (in desperate need of a bone) So at, uh, some point, you probably had a thing for me, too?RAJ: (not in a throwing mood) No, not really.PENNY: (damage control) Come on, Raj. Not even a little bit?RAJ: Not that I can think of.BERNADETTE: (eyes shooting laser beams) Think harder.RAJ: (dude...) Nope. I guess the heart wants what the heart wants. Or in this case, doesn't want.Well, at least Stuart was enjoying himself. Since his doctor changed his anxiety med prescription, anyway. Well, Sheldon singing every last verse of Good King Wenceslas and chiding Leonard for not making melted snowmen descriptive enough can be a bit of a buzzkill. But clearly Sheldon was getting into the Christmas spirit, no matter how much he tried to deny it. After all, he even had an eggnog mustache. (SHELDON: Christmas is a bunch of baloney started by the tinsel industry.) But Leonard had enough bad Christmases as a kid and didn't like Sheldon sucking the fun out of them now.LEONARD: Instead of leaving Santa cookies and milk, we had to leave him a research paper. And we knew he had been there because in the morning, the papers would be graded.SHELDON: No wonder you love Christmas. That sounds amazing!LEONARD: I got a C-minus four years in a row.SHELDON: I've seen your work. That C-minus was your gift.Raj finally figured out where he went wrong and apologized to Amy, but she was all too familiar with this. She didn't have her first kiss until she was 22, and he only kissed her to get his insulin back. But Raj had it bad, too. When a Spin-The-Bottle landed on Alina Shankar, she threatened to break the bottle and cut Raj with it.AMY: You think that's bad? I once passed out drunk at a frat party and ended up with more clothes on.Raj admits it's nice to talk to someone who knows what it's like to be alone. But Raj pointed out Amy had Sheldon now. Which Amy appreciated, and she knew Raj would find someone soon.RAJ: I can only hope she's as half as lovely and amazing as you are.AMY: Thank you Rajesh. (to Penny and Bernadette) He wants me! I'm good. We can go home now.Of course, now that Raj knows Amy likes him, he's kind of into her.Back at the D&D game, Sheldon cracked the code to lower the drawbridge. Just have to play Jingle Bells on the bells. But it worked and they found a beaten and bloodied Santa chained to the wall. But Sheldon throws a paralyzing spell at Howard and Stuart because he has a bone to pick with the big guy. Apparently, when Sheldon was 5, his mother took him to a shopping mall in Galveston to sit on Santa's lap. Sheldon asked Santa to bring Pop-Pop back, who had died earlier that year. (LEONARD: This is weird, right?) Pop-Pop was the only one who encouraged Sheldon to pursue science (when he was 5?) but the Lincoln Logs he got from Santa really didn't build a decent Pop-Pop. And now Santa wants a favor from him.SHELDON: Well, sorry, Mr. Kringle, but today's not your day. I take the skeleton key, toss it into the chasm, and on the way out, I give Santa a swift kick in his bowl full of jelly!LEONARD: (serious helping of perspective) OK, so Wolowitz and Stuart are paralyzed, Santa's dead, and I picked this over having sex with my girlfriend.But it's not over. Sheldon woke up in the middle of the night to find Santa putting gifts under the tree. Santa apologized for disappointing him as a boy. He could do a lot of magical things, but bringing back Pop-Pop wasn't one of them. He did, however, have something special for him.SANTA: (aiming a large cannon at Sheldon) This is for leaving me in the dungeon to be eaten alive by ogres! Ho, ho, ho, you big dork!
