"And I don't ever want to feel...like I did that day. Take me to the place I love...take me all the way."Wow. Raj is good, and he probably took fewer drugs in his life than Anthony Kiedis. But that's the beauty of "Rock Band," where Howard is the drummer and Sheldon is on guitar. However, after a few verses, if cats could sing, they'd hate it, too. This is the reason for Penny coming over to tell the guys to keep it down. Meanwhile, Leonard is busy on the phone. Whatever it is, he doesn't want to do it and is desperate to reschedule it. Sheldon theorizes that, since he's holding the phone to his left ear, Leonard is accessing the analytical parts of his brain and has no relationship with the caller. Since it's clearly something Leonard's done before and is avoiding doing now, Sheldon guesses a colonoscopy appointment. Leonard hangs up and tells us what's going on: his mother is coming. ("How about that? You were right.")Penny is heading up from the laundry when she spots a woman waiting by the broken elevator. Even though Penny tells her it's out of order, the woman wants to ponder the implications. Clearly, since there is lots of dust on the sign and warning tape, there is either an incredible amount of passivity among the 24-36 residents (based on 12 mailboxes and average population in an urban center) or some sort of "shared delusion of functionality.""You must be Leonard's mother.""Well I don't know if I must be, but yes."The woman introduces herself as Dr. Beverly Hofstadter and is surprised that Penny is a hand-shaker. As Penny offers to walk up with her, Dr. Hofstadter is willing to exchange pleasantries. Penny is curious as to what Leonard was like when he was little."I assume you mean young; he's always been little.""OK, what was he like when he was young?""You'll have to be more specific.""Like 5 or 6?" (One evil stare later...)"5""Well, at that age, Leonard was in what Freud would call the phallic stage of psycho-sexual development. An outmoded theory, of course, but the boy did spend a lot of waking hours with a firm grasp on his penis."Clearly, Dr. Hofstadter is a psychiatrist, which prompts Penny to make a huge mistake: she mentions to Dr. Hofstadter that she's an actress."There are many studies that suggest that people who go into the performing arts suffer from an external locus of identity." Translation: they seek approval from others about themselves, typically due to unmet childhood emotional needs.Dr. Hofstadter wants to hear more. Of course, like any good psychiatrist, she has Penny crying by the time they're on the 4th floor. On the plus side, we now know her dad's pet name for her was Slugger, although that's not a plus for her. Leonard takes her in and gives her some tea. (Oolong, separate not bagged, steeped 3 minutes, 2% milk, 1 teaspoon of raw sugar---still no good) It's understandable; Sheldon has the same problem with Leonard. Although Sheldon theorizes the issue with Leonard is an overdeveloped sex drive, Dr. Hofstadter isn't sure where that came from, as she and her husband only had sex for reproduction and a pro forma consummation of the marriage. (They wrote papers on it.) Sheldon wants to hear more about her sex life. The good news is he can order it from the Princeton University Press. The bad news is the PowerPoint slides are on her other laptop. Sheldon and Leonard debate about their mothers. Sheldon wonders how Leonard can act the way he does, as Leonard's mother is smart, intuitive, and never hit him with a Bible for not eating his brussel sprouts. But at least Sheldon's mother didn't attach electrodes to his head while he potty trained. Sheldon thinks Leonard is so lucky that his parents did that; he always had to attach his own electrodes."Bring Your Mother to Work Day" must be something of a rarity at the university where the guys work, as Howard points out that Leonard's two siblings are far more successful than he is. Dr. Hofstadter confirms that his younger brother, Michael, is a law professor at Harvard and his sister successfully grew a pancreas in an adolescent gibbon."You must be very proud."---Howard"Why? They're not my accomplishments? ---I must urinate."---Dr. HofstadterApparently, Howard's addition of salt to lesions on Leonard can be attributed to the fact that the guys aren't supposed to bring their parents to the workplace. While Dr. Hofstadter is gone, Sheldon indicates surprise that Leonard's siblings are so much more successful than Leonard."Yeah, you're like the Jar-Jar Binks of the Hofstadter family."---Raj"Oh, meesa thinking you look so-so sad! Next time, don't bring yousa mama to work."---HowardLeonard has had enough, and upon his mother's return, decides to go on offense. "Howard lives with his mother and Raj can't talk to women unless he's drunk. Go." Sure enough, his mother is up front and blunt."That's fascinating. Selective mutism is quite rare. On the other hand, a Jewish male living with his mother is so common, it borders on sociological cliche. You know, both selective mutism and an inability to separate from one's mother could be due to a pathological fear of women. That's would explain why the two of you have created an ersatz homosexual marriage to satisfy your need for intimacy."As much as Leonard would like to hear more about their marriage, since Howard brought his husband to work, Dr. Hofstadter and Leonard must head to his lab, where Leonard is replicating the dark matter signal found in sodium iodide crystals by the Italians. ("No original work of your own? Then why do I need to see it? I could just read the paper the Italians wrote.")Clearly, Leonard could use a drink. He heads over to Penny's, but he'll have to catch up, as she has been drinking since talking to Dr. Hofstadter the previous day. They won't be interrupted, as Dr. Hofstadter took Sheldon to the hospital to get a brain scan. It would appear that Dr. Hofstadter likes looking at brain scans, and Sheldon likes to get them. Leonard and Penny are very upset by the events that have transpired with his mother's appearance. Penny has hit the booze because she auditioned with 50 other blondes for an anti-depressant commercial so she could win her daddy's approval. She's completely depressed because she was rejected for being too perky. (Irony 101 for you) Hard as it is to believe, Leonard can top that. (or bottom that, in this case) He was desperate for human contact, but not so desperate he kept grabbing his penis, like Penny said."When I was 10 years old, I made myself a hugging machine. I got a dressmaker's mannequin, I stuffed it with an electric blanket so it would be warm, and built radio-controlled arms that would hug me and pat me on the back. The saddest part is, my father used to borrow it."Sheldon and Dr. Hofstadter return from the hospital, and she thanks Sheldon for getting the brain scan, as it will help her research. Sheldon isn't happy with the size of his right frontal lobe, but Dr. Hofstadter dismisses that as men thinking nothing's big enough. (unless it's a tumor) Sheldon seems to have developed quite the rapport with Dr. Hofstadter, even to the point of flattering her. (He's picked up some bad habits from Leonard.) He notes that he is quite comfortable around her, as he is never comfortable around...anyone. Dr. Hofstadter is in the same boat. Although she does wonder if he's making a theoretical point, or is he hoping to do the math. It turns out to be the latter, and she is very pleased by this.The average person would need some booze right now. Fortunately, there's plenty at Penny's, where she and Leonard are feeling no pain downing tequila shots. This time, however, Leonard must lick the salt, take the shot, and bite the lime. Leonard didn't hear anything after "lick," since the salt will be on Penny's neck. However, he obliges and licks the salt off of Penny's neck. Grain by grain, apparently. He recovers slightly to down the tequila and looks for the lime. He'll have to suck on it...from Penny's mouth. He does so, and then decides the lime is just slowing him down. They start making out passionately.From boozing to tee totaling, Dr. Hofstadter is contemplating Sheldon's "suggestion." After all, they are so compatible and at ease with each other, but she is not sure if it's appropriate with her son's roommate. But they both agree they'd be very good together. Sheldon assures her the first time he tried it, he experienced and unexpected but welcome release of endorphins.Speaking of endorphins, Penny and Leonard are about to, as Bruce Willis once put it, "get horizontal." Leonard's only too happy that this is about to happen, but Penny only wants him to shush and get naked. However, a drunk and horny Leonard is a talkative Leonard."You know what my mother would say about this. She'd say because since you were not loved by your father and I was not loved by my mother that having sex is our way of making up for the intimacy we didn't get as children."His suggestion that she go to community college went over better than this."So you're saying you're not having sex with me. You're having sex with your mother?""I'm gonna go with 'no' on that one?""That's the sickest thing I've ever heard!""Well, you're having sex with your father and I'm OK with that."Of course, there can be only one thing worse than being thrown out of Penny's bedroom and not realizing you should have kept your big mouth shut: watching Sheldon and your mother get it on. The microphone. Rock Band, you perverts!! What did you think I meant? Thanks to Sheldon and Dr. Hofstadter, both Journey's "Any Way You Want It" and the "so what-so let's dance!" scene from Caddyshack are completely ruined for me.However in the morning, all improves as Leonard's mother leaves, and Leonard begs Penny never to talk of the night before ever again. Unfortunately for Penny, Dr. Hofstadter wants to hear about her mother, with the predictable results. But Dr. Hofstadter is supportive; she wants Penny to have more sessions with her, provided Penny is willing to go to New Jersey and go through a brain scan while doing so.
