Just like the President has a State of the Union address, Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) have a State of the Relationship forum. And Sheldon hasn't held up his end of the bargain coming up with a pet name for Amy. (Flaky, Gollum, Princess Corncob, and Fester were rejected.) Amy saved the worst for last, according to Sheldon: Valentine's Day. But Amy had an idea.AMY: I propose we spend a weekend at a bed-and-breakfast in Napa Valley.SHELDON: I hate every word in that sentence. Including "in", "at", "we", and "a".But Amy had this covered. Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) would be joining them so he wouldn't have to eat breakfast with strangers, he would have his own room, and it doesn't have a claw-foot bathtub to allay his fears of bathing inside of a monster. Best of all, they'd be going on a vintage train. An ALCO FA-4 diesel locomotive leading a train of restored 1915 Pullman luxury coaches.SHELDON: Wow, I feel like hugging you. (closes his eyes) and 1...and 2...alright, Gollum, we're good.Raj (Kunal Nayyar) asked Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) to take care of Cinnamon because he had Valentine's Day plans. And since there was no way Penny could say that without it sounding insulting, they took him while Raj went to make observations on the telescope at work. Leonard and Penny were just going to have a quiet weekend and exchange gifts. Penny got Leonard some flowers and candy, while Leonard got her a beautiful jewelry box. CONTAINING LAKERS TICKETS! (OK, that doesn't sound as good given their record, but Penny was all for it. Seriously, they had to play a guy who had fouled out last night.) They enjoy a lovely evening, although Penny drew the line at having sex on Sheldon's spot (didn't she propose that the first time they went out?). Off they go to the bedroom, and despite Raj begging them to let Cinnamon watch so one of them saw some action that night, Cinnamon stayed out in the living room and ate the chocolate candy. Leonard and Penny return and discover this. They immediately take Cinnamon to the vet.Sheldon was quite taken by the restored Pullman luxury coach. He liked it. (SHELDON: I'm prepared to say I love it as soon as I confirm there are no hobos on board.) They sit down for dinner, but Sheldon needed to know if the train had the original link-and-pin coupler or the Miller hook & platform? Their waiter didn't really know, but someone at the next table did. It was neither: it was an AAR-E coupler. Which, according to Eric, you could tell by the click-psssshhh-thunk when the locomotive disconnects from the other cars. Suddenly, Sheldon has a companion to talk to at dinner. He goes to join Eric, who does imitations of trains like Sheldon. (BTW, kudos to Sheldon for muting the whistle on the Amtrak Wolverine coming into Chicago; it travels underground like a subway the last mile and change.) Eric had been on many trains since a box fell on his head at UPS six years ago and he just rides them while collecting disability. (SHELDON: Wow, your life is amazing.) Amy was depressed, as you could imagine. Bernadette goes to take care of it. (HOWARD: Just make sure it looks like an accident.) Bernadette tells Sheldon to go back and be with his girlfriend. Sheldon admits he was being insensitive so he goes back to the table. And brings Eric with him.BERNADETTE: Great. Now there's two of them.Leonard and Penny were not fans of the vet, Yvette, for letting Cinnamon eat the chocolate, particularly when Leonard found out Penny got them free with the flowers at a gas station. (Although in her defense, gas is a lot more vaulable these days than Lakers tickets.) Raj arrived and was out of his mind. (RAJ: If she needs new organs, I'll buy any dog necessary and scrap them for parts!) Thankfully, Cinnamon wasn't throwing up, so Yvette could take her in the back, put her on fluids, and give her something to get rid of the toxins. Raj asked Yvette if she could sing Katy Perry to Cinnamon. (not Fireworks, though)Sheldon joining everybody else at the table didn't mean he'd pay any attention to them. He continued his conversation with Eric, oblivious to the fact he was ticking off Amy, Bernadette, and even Howard. Eric tells him they could visit the engine room, and Sheldon wishes this day would never end. (AMY: It's feeling like it never will.)Back at the vet, Raj was still upset with Leonard and Penny, but Penny promised they weren't away from him very long. Although Leonard thought they were. Well, however long 9 minutes is, Yvette came back and told Raj that Cinnamon would be fine. He asked if he could visit her so she knew he was there. (RAJ: Yes, I sleep with my dog and sometimes we spoon.) Yvette could sympathize, as she slept with her dog as well. She took Raj to the back, grateful neither Leonard nor Penny owned a pet. And she did sing Katy Perry to Cinnamon and thought she crushed it, despite what the parrot said. Leonard and Penny weren't happy with each other, but at least they saw that Yvette was interested in Raj.Amy was getting more and more depressed. And Howard and Bernadette getting romantic with each other really wasn't helping. Sheldon finally returned, happy that he had the same pocket watch as the conductor. And the conductor was going to come to the B&B to play his banjo as soon as he was done with work. That was the last straw. Howard and Berndadette high-tailed it to the car with the glass roof, and Eric took the hint after Amy told him to get lost. Sheldon gets upset with her for being so rude. She gave Sheldon both barrels about him acting rude, but Sheldon wasn't sure how he was being rude since he never spoke to her the entire trip. She said they were supposed to be having a romantic Valentine's Day weekend, but Sheldon countered by saying the trip would be something they could both enjoy.SHELDON: Did you mean that, or were you just trying to trick me?AMY: (defeated) Fine, it's true. I deserve romance and I didn't know how else to make it happen.SHELDON: Well, if you want romance, then let's have romance! Oh, look! There's wine! (takes a sip) Grape juice that burns! Now let's gaze into each other's eyes. (gets close and stares into her eyes) You blinked, I win! Let's see what's next. Oh, kissing's romantic!Then Sheldon puts his lips on hers...AND STAYS THERE. Even leaned into it and put his arms around her. And stayed close to her after it was over.AMY: (totally shocked) That was nice.SHELDON: (equally in a fog) Good.Sheldon then asked Amy if she wanted to join him in the locomotive, since the conductor was going to show him how to put the train through a crossing. She agreed.ERIC: Hey, guys! Wait up!It turns out Leonard and Penny were right about Raj and Yvette. Yvette wrote on Cinnamon's prescription that she dreaded Valentine's Day and thanked him for spending it with her. And gave Raj her phone number. (RAJ: If I knew it was that easy, I would have considered poisoning you months ago!) Meanwhile, Sheldon returned and Leonard asked how the trip went.SHELDON: Wonderful! I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, I kissed Amy on the lips, and the conductor played his banjo for me.Leonard wanted more details, and Sheldon gave him more about each.LEONARD: Hang on. Are all those things equal to you?SHELDON: (thinks) It never occurred to me to pick a favorite. I can't answer that without collecting more data.LEONARD: (proud) Additional data. You dog!SHELDON: I'm not sure how listening to other nine-fingered banjo players makes me a dog, but alright.
