It was time for Mrs. Wolowitz to get some exercise; doctor's orders. To that end, Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) managed to drag a treadmill box up the stairs and were ready to put it in Howard's old bedroom. How to get Mrs. Wolowitz to exercise on it? Well, Howard is an engineer, so something involving a fishing pole and a honey-baked ham came to mind. Howard figured he would have no problem setting it up. Although it would have helped if they had gotten the box all the way up the stairs. Yes, it fell back down and injured Mrs. Wolowitz. She would be laid up for six-to-eight weeks, and Howard contemplated hiring a nurse to take care of her. (HOWARD: Preferably someone from a third-world country who is used to suffering and unpleasant smells.) Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) couldn't believe Howard would hire a stranger to take care of the woman who raised him, but Howard admitted to being a putz. And now Mrs. Wolowitz had to go to the bathroom, so someone far more caring and loving had to take her there. (BERNADETTE: You ARE a putz!)Penny (Kaley Cuoco) decided that she was going to put her best effort into the movie. (PENNY: There's no reason why I shouldn't be the best bisexual go-go dancer slowly-transforming-into-a-killer-gorilla anyone's ever seen.) Although Leonard (Johnny Galecki) admitted the bisexual go-go dancer slowly-transforming-into-a-killer-gorilla from Schindler's List (1993) would be tough to beat. (and let's not even get into Sheldon trying to explain the joke) However, on the set things were a bit different. Penny tried to give her all in a scene with Wil Wheaton and the director couldn't care less. Penny asked to retake a scene so she could do better and the director told her the movie was a piece of crap. If it was good, she wouldn't be in it. Leonard, who was on the set, came to defend her honor, which earned him an insult of his own (the standard Penny-is-too-hot-for-him insult) and the director ordered him to leave. At which point Penny defended him...and got herself fired. Wil stepped in to defend Penny...and got fired as well.Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Raj went to see The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014)...only to find Emily there on a date with another guy. Raj couldn't handle two hours of Spidey knowing Emily was there on a date, and Sheldon had a melanoma scare because he went out in the sun the previous day, so he wasn't up for the movie anyway. Although he insisted on making Chai Tea for Raj because he was upset, despite Raj not wanting it. (SHELDON: I'll just make you some English Breakfast. They destroyed your culture, so close enough.) Sheldon wanted to know how bothered Raj was, and Raj admitted Emily and he weren't exclusive, but seeing her with another guy still upset him.SHELDON: Have you two had intercourse yet? (they hadn't) Then stick to your guns, because there will be a lot of pressure.Raj and Sheldon continued their conversation. Raj claimed he had money, was intelligent, and has been told he was cute, but couldn't figure out why women didn't want to be with him. Sheldon said it was a tough question...and wanted him to leave. Raj couldn't believe Sheldon was leaving him alone, but Sheldon said that was his problem.SHELDON: How many women have you had dates with?RAJ: Eleven.SHELDON: And how many of those women did you think would become your 'perfect companion'?RAJ: (concedes) Eleven. Wait, do I count the 200-pound Sailor Moon girl Howard and I had a threesome with at Comic Con? Eh, I'll stick with eleven; she liked Howard better.Raj finally figured out what Sheldon was saying. Instead of desperately clinging to whatever woman showed the slightest interest, Raj thought he should conquer his fear of being alone. (SHELDON: I was trying to suggest chemical castration, but whatever gets you out the door is fine.)Howard and Bernadette trying to take care of his mother was going about as well as you'd expect. Apparently, Mrs. Wolowitz gets hungry every single hour. Despite Howard's dislike of taking care of his mother, Bernadette pointed out this was exactly what taking care of a baby would be like: the hourly feedings, the crying, the burping, the pooping, everything. And she had no intention of doing all the work. Howard claimed if they had kids they would step up. He considered himself quite paternal.MRS. WOLOWITZ: (crying) I'M STILL HUNGRY!!HOWARD: I'M COMING, YOU BIG BABY!!!!Penny, Leonard, and Wil were drowning their sorrows in a bar after getting fired. (PENNY: The only thing worse than doing a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass is getting fired from a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass.) Wil told her she just had to move on.PENNY: Easy for you to say; you used to be famous.WIL: (offended) Hey, I just lost a job for you.PENNY: (exasperated) Fine, you're still famous.Wil told her not to settle for crap jobs like the gorilla movie. It was about the art...the passion...the craft...and the offer he got on his phone to do Sharknado 2: The Second One (2014). Out the door he went, but he promised to pay them back for the beer if he got the role. Leonard tried to cheer her up by telling her about her Anne Frank play (above a bowling alley) and her commercial for hemmorhoid cream. (LEONARD: I got itchy and swollen just watching you.) It wasn't helping.Things were not going well with Howard and Bernadette. She took a long time to get groceries, but that may have been because she stopped to get a mocha. Howard was ticked because she was the one who talked him out of a nurse, and she was mad about killing herself for two days helping him. And now she didn't regret eating the brownie she originally got for him while he went to rub his mother's belly to get her back to sleep.Emily came over to Raj's apartment to apologize. The guy she was with had been asking her out for months and he did her last tattoo, so she felt obligated. It was only a single date, but Raj was over it. She admitted she would have been upset if Raj had been with another woman. (RAJ: Thank you...not just for being upset but for believing that could happen.) Emily promised she wasn't seeing anyone else, and Raj inquired about her tattoos. He didn't have any but he may have a hole in his belly that could be a piercing. He wasn't sure. Emily told him about her tattoos: one on her shoulder, one not on her shoulder, and one REALLY not on her shoulder. And she offered him a 'look'.RAJ: OK, but before I take my shirt off, I need like ten minutes to do some crunches.Penny and Leonard came home, and Penny admitted she needed to start making some smart decisions with her life. The first one: saying they could get married.LEONARD: So I'm like a 'smart decision'? So I'm like a bran muffin?PENNY: No, that's not what I'm saying.LEONARD: No, that is what you're saying. I'm the boring thing you're choosing because it's good for you.PENNY: What does it matter? The point is I'm choosing you.LEONARD: It matters a lot! I don't want to be a bran muffin! I want to be a...Cinnabon, you know? Or a Strawberry Pop-Tart! You know, something you're excited about even though it can give you diabetes!Penny was getting upset Leonard was turning her down, but he said she was just doing this because she just got fired and was feeling sorry for herself.PENNY: Look, it may look that way, but getting fired from that movie was the best thing that could have happened to me. I finally realized I don't need to be famous or some big career to be happy!LEONARD: Then what do you need?PENNY: YOU, YOU STUPID POP-TART!At that, Leonard "guessed he was in," although Penny thought that didn't sound all that enthusiastic. But then her replying "cool" wasn't exactly romantic, either.LEONARD: So, is that it? Are we engaged?PENNY: (thinks about it) Yeah, I guess so.LEONARD: Well, it just feels a little anti-climactic.But then, Leonard did have something to make it a little less matter-of-fact: an engagement ring he had been holding onto for several years.LEONARD: (on one knee) Penny, will you marry me?PENNY: (tearing up) Oh my God, yes!LEONARD: (puts the ring on) This would have been so much more romantic if you didn't have monkey hair on your fingers.Fortunately, Howard and Bernadette made up in the morning. And got a caretaker for his mother.HOWARD: Welcome to Team Putz.
