Another day, another theoretical question at the university. Just how DOES Superman keep his uniform clean? Sheldon thinks he gets it dry-cleaned by soaring straight through our sun. However, Howard challenges him about items that could NOT be cleaned by our yellow sun, such as Kryptonian mustard. Of course, Kryptonian mustard would have been destroyed when Krypton was, which would be a real shame if a rogue Kryptonian hot dog was hurtling towards the earth. However, Leonard has a question more based in reality: what if Superman sweats? What about those Kryptonian pit stains, Sheldon? And what if he goes to the miniature Kryptonian city of Kandor, temporarily loses his powers, gets into a hard-fought game of Kryptonian tetherball, returns to our world, and now is covered in indestructible beads of sweat?!?!?!? Unfortunately, we will never learn about Kandorian dry cleaners from Sheldon because the guys notice one of their colleagues, who recently won the MacArthur Genius Grant: David Underhill. Leonard is not impressed, most likely because the work David did in observing high-energy electrons first proved the existence of galactic dark matter invalidated most of his work. "He was in the right place at the right time with the right paradigm-shifting reinterpretation of the universe. He got lucky," opines Leonard. Of course, the fact that he's a total hunk (and I'm secure enough in my manhood to say that) doesn't hurt his general outlook on life, either. Raj has a man-crush, although Howard thinks he'd be more into Zac Efron if he went that way. David, however, needs to ask a favor of Leonard. He wants to work with Leonard on a project in the photomultiplier lab. Leonard agrees, giving David his phone number, his cell, his work number, and his parents' number in New Jersey, as they always know how to reach him. Given Leonard's prior opinion, the boys are stunned."What? You've never seen a hypocrite before?"Leonard arrives at the apartment, missing Wii Bowling Night (and Howard sucking at it), because he was working with Dave in the lab. Seems Leonard has a new BFF, something that's more important than Wii Bowling Night. It turns out that Dave is very cool, as he is a Black Diamond skier, collects vintage motorcycles, and does a spot-on impression of Steven Hawking having phone sex. Dave and Leonard are going to the gym in the morning, so Leonard needs to practice his sit-ups. Yes, it's quite the bro-mance. Of course, being the holiday season, Penny is getting in the mood of it by asking if the guys are putting up a Christmas tree. This is a rookie mistake. And now it's time for the Sheldon Christmas Special..."We do not celebrate the ancient pagan ritual of Saturnailia. (Explaining) In the pre-Christian era, as the winter solstice approached and the plants died, pagans brought evergreen boughs into their homes as an act of sympathetic magic to guard the plants and preserve their essences until spring. This custom was later appropriated by northern Europeans and eventually becomes the so-called Christmas tree."HOWARD: "And that, Charlie Brown, is what boredom is all about."Penny decides not to worry about it and puts their presents under her tree. Sheldon is freaking out. He can't understand why Penny would do such a thing. Even though she says he doesn't have to get her anything, he feels obligated now to return the gesture by trying to figure out what Penny would want and spend the equivalent amount of money and time that she did for his gift. WHY, PENNY, WHY??? She's ready to throw in the towel, but Howard and Raj are happy because they're not involved. At least until Sheldon demands a ride to the mall. After all, it's Sheldon's own fault that he made himself an important and integral part of Penny's life.Leonard and David are heading up the stairs. Well, David is helping Leonard up the stairs, as Leonard's ankle was injured riding David's motorcycle. (Imagine the damage if the bike was actually moving.) Penny meets them in the hall, and it doesn't take long for Penny and David to be smitten with each other. Penny is happy that the bike was OK. Leonard tells Penny that David is a physicist, and Penny doesn't believe it at first, as she's used to physicists being "indoorsy and pale." Penny confesses to always being a science geek and always wanting to see a lab. David invites her to go to the lab on his bike, take a ride up the coast, and have dinner. She's only too happy to do so, leaving Leonard on his own to figure out what just happened.Sheldon's gift-giving search is not going well. He can't seem to find anything a woman would want...in a bath & body shop. Even though they have lotions, bath oils, and soaps (AKA the Estrogen Hat Trick), Sheldon sees it as a "cacophonous assault of eucalyptus, bayberry, cinnamon, and vanilla." To be fair, though, it IS less scary than the Build-A-Bear shop next door. Howard picks a gift basket to purchase, but Sheldon stops him. He has no knowledge of what size gift basket to get. He experiments by "giving" the gift basket to the sales clerk."If I were to give you this gift basket, based on that action alone and no other data, infer and describe the hypothetical relationship that exists between us.""Excuse me?""Here. (hands her the basket) Now are we friends? Colleagues? Lovers? Are you my grandmother?""I don't understand what you're talking about, and you're making me a little uncomfortable."HOWARD: "See? It's just like Penny. We'll take it."Leonard gets a little shock in the university's cafeteria. Penny took David's offer of looking around the labs. Although it does leave open the question of why she always had yoga class the many times Leonard offered the same thing over the last year and a half. David is totally into Penny, saying she has an agile mind (among other things). Leonard wants to know if David wants to work in the lab today. However, David is more interesting in doing some research with Penny about the effects of tequila shots on a gorgeous 22-year-old woman. Apparently, last night's experiments didn't produce enough results to formulate a solid hypothesis. They go off, but Leonard appreciates that they asked how his leg was doing. Oh, wait...Back at the apartment, Leonard is sleeping on the couch when Raj enters with 3 huge gift baskets, Howard with 2, and Sheldon with a tiny basket and an ice cream cone. Sheldon must share his brilliant idea with Leonard, even though Leonard didn't ask. Sheldon's plan is to open Penny's gift to him first, then excuse himself with some "gastric trouble," and get the appropriately-priced basket, returning the others later. Sheldon orders Howard and Raj to schlep the baskets back to the bedroom...Leonard's bedroom. Howard has to wonder..."Sheesh, why could have just done what Leonard did and get Penny a new boyfriend?""By the way, my leg hurts, thanks for asking."Meanwhile, Penny is having some rum and eggnog. Minus the eggnog. It's uncertain what's wrong, but Leonard doesn't let this get in his way as he storms into her apartment and demands an answer to why Penny is suddenly dating someone as smart as Leonard, the very thing that broke them up at the beginning of the season."While I am perfectly happy with the way things are between us, you said you didn't want to go out with me because I was too smart for you. Well, news flash for you, LADY: David Underhill is TEN TIMES smarter than me! You'd have to drive a railroad spike into his brain so I could beat him at checkers! Next to him, I'm like one of those sign-language gorillas who know how to ask for grapes! So my question for you is...What's up with that???"Penny breaks down in tears: "Why are you yelling at me?"Leonard immediately retreats and tries to find out what's wrong. Apparently, David is NOT smarter than Leonard; otherwise David would have taken the nude photos of his wife off his cell phone before taking nude photos of his girlfriend."He tried to take nude photos of you?""THAT'S what you got from that?!?!?!?!?!? The guy is married!!!"Leonard apologizes, although he's not completely unhappy with this turn of events. But now it's Penny's turn to attack. "And if you're 'perfectly happy' with the way things are, then why are you jealous?""Because, I...The important thing is; he's married and that's terrible!""Nice save, genius."She's none too thrilled with him, but he begs to be let go on this one because it's Christmas. She relents and wishes him a Merry Christmas. And his leg is better, thank you very much.It's now time for the moment of truth: the exchange of gifts. Sheldon fears what basket he has to give her, but he calms down when he sees Penny only got him a napkin. It seems to be a very mundane gift, until he turns it over..."To Sheldon, Live Long and Prosper. Leonard Nimoy."Sheldon is completely, totally, and UTTERLY speechless. Penny got Leonard Nimoy to sign a napkin for him! She apologizes that the napkin is a little dirty because Leonard wiped his mouth on it, but Sheldon is practically crying for joy..."I POSSESS THE DNA OF LEONARD NIMOY?! DO YOU REALIZE WHAT THIS MEANS!!! ALL I NEED IS A HEALTHY OVUM, AND I CAN GROW MY OWN LEONARD NIMOY!!!!!!""OK, all I'm giving you is the napkin."As Sheldon runs off to get his gift for Penny, she gives Leonard his gift: motorcycle lessons. Thankfully, not letting the bike fall on you is in the first class. Penny will appreciate Leonard's gift just as much: 101 Cool Science Experiments for Kids. (You know, she's SO into science.) Sheldon comes back with the bath basket. ALL OF THEM. She's overwhelmed, but he STILL thinks it isn't enough. He goes for broke....AND GIVES PENNY A HUG!!!!!!!!! It's a Saturnalia miracle!!
