Howard (Simon Helberg) is practicing magic tricks for his little cousin's birthday party, and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) were kind enough to play his audience. The bad news was, so was Sheldon (Jim Parsons). Besides the fact that Howard was effectively lying to kids ("this is an ordinary box, this is an ordinary hat, your card was chosen completely at random, I don't have a set of lock keys up my keyster."), Sheldon was afraid letting kids believe in magic would lead them to believe in astrology, homeopathy, and that  was a better choice to play  than . Howard thinks Sheldon is being cranky because he had a quarter in his ear. In fact, Sheldon had a peso stuck up his nose, and it was still there. Finally, he takes off.HOWARD: Look at that, I made Sheldon disappear. Ta-da!LEONARD: Next time, you should lead with that.For Pasadena's new power couple, Shamy, it's date night at The Cheesecake Factory. The relationship agreement stipulated the second Thursday in a month (third if the month has five Thursdays) is date night. (Clearly the producers thought this would air next week.) Amy (Mayim Bialik) told Sheldon she got a paper published in Neuron Magazine, but Sheldon pretty much blew it off in favor of announcing he reached his 100th Twitter follower. Amy wanted more of a reaction from Sheldon, but he was more excited about his 101st follower. She goes to the washroom, and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) tells Sheldon he has to learn to be more excited at Amy's big accomplishment. He wasn't, since it was about biology and all those "yucky, squishy things." Penny told him he had to at least pretend to be excited since he was her boyfriend. Penny recommended he think about koalas, since those make him happy, but Sheldon thinks Amy would see right through his koala face. (yes, he demonstrates it and, yes, it's hysterical)At Howard's, he shows Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) his huge supply of magic tricks. It was something he tried to do as a kid to impress girls, but sadly, the only wand that got any action was the one that made the bunny appear. He shows her the sequined vests they would wear to his cousin's birthday, which his mother made by cutting up one bathing suit. (and made 12 napkins with what was left) Bernadette wasn't sure she wanted to be Howard's assistant because she wasn't comfortable around kids. He thought she just needed some practice, since she would be a mom herself one day. And now Bernadette was really uncomfortable. At the birthday party, the kids aren't too impressed with The Great Howdini and demand cake. Bernadette tells the kids in no uncertain terms they weren't getting cake until they were amazed by the Great Howdini. And when one of the kids Googled a magic trick and heckled Howard about it, Bernadette went off on him.Sheldon decided to go for a walk after having a fight with Amy, although he thought she was fighting and he was being reasonable. (Oh, and the walk was a walk through Red Dead Redemption on X-Box.) Leonard tells him that Sheldon has to listen to what's upsetting Amy and show you can grow and change. Sheldon resoundly rejects that notion, so Leonard tried for Option B: skip the emotional entanglements and buy Amy something pretty. It was a more Sheldon-like solution, so he decided to go that route.On the drive home, Howard tried to convince Bernadette she would be good with her own child. But Bernadette had to help raise her brothers and sisters since her mother worked full-time and she got an earful from all of them. Those kids sounded strangely like Sheldon in the jewelry store as he tried to shop with Penny for a gift for Amy. He thinks they should go back at get her the humidifier they saw at Sears.PENNY: Oh, my God. Now I know what I sound like to you when I say stupid stuff.The salesman shows them a lovely diamond bracelet, but of course, Sheldon compares it to the bags of charcoal briquettes people buy in the grocery store all the time, only the carbon atoms of the diamonds are much more neatly stacked. But it was a reasonable price, so Sheldon figured a pocket watch for him wasn't too far out of his range.Howard laments with the guys over Bernadette not wanting kids (and I TOTALLY want that Donkey Kong version of Jenga they're playing!), and he worries that might be a deal breaker for getting married.LEONARD: You know, there's no guarantee that even if you have kids you're going to like them.RAJ: Wow, that's rough. Where did you get that?LEONARD: Off the dust jacket of my mom's new book.HOWARD: Maybe me and Bernadette aren't right for each other.LEONARD: Look, Howard, I'd say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but I've watched you dangle your hook in the water for years. Do NOT throw her back.Amy comes over to Penny's, thinking they would hang out together. However, Sheldon was there to apologize. Amy was mad at Penny, although she admitted it wouldn't last. Sheldon told Amy he was proud of her paper and smiled. The koala smile, and she saw right through it. Penny hands her the bag from the jewelry store.AMY: Jewelry? Seriously? Sheldon, you are the most shallow, self-centered person I have ever met. Do you really think another transparently manip...OH, IT'S A TIARA!! IT'S A TIARA!Amy basically goes crazy, much like Sheldon did when he got the Leonard Nimoy napkin. Penny couldn't put it on her fast enough and Amy kissed Sheldon!SHELDON: (to Penny) You were right. The tiara was a bit too much.Bernadette visited Howard with a possible solution: she work and he stay at home with the kids. ("You'll watch Barney and pull Cheerios out of their noses and go on playdates, and I'll work and have conversations with people my own age and I'll enjoy my life!") Howard agrees. Sort of. Not a lot of fish, after all.
