Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) were heading up to Cal-Berkeley to give a lecture. Thankfully, Sheldon had packed his PRK (Public Restroom Kit). To be fair, bringing your own toilet paper and Purel isn't that crazy. It's the rubber gloves, air freshener, noise-canceling headphones, danger whistle, pepper spray, multi-language "occupied" sign, paper protectors, bootie protectors, clothespin for the nose...SHELDON: ...oh, and a mirror on the stick, that way I can know if the person in the next stall is a weirdo.BTW, Sheldon doesn't like playing car games if someone else wins, like Leonard just did in his game of 'I Can't Spy'. But Sheldon was in a good mood, even giving Leonard permission to play music.SHELDON: Play that funky music, white boy.LEONARD: I'm surprised you even know that reference.SHELDON: What reference?Sure enough, the guys got some Wild Cherry playing that funky music on the radio. But since they were listening to a funky song telling the white boy to play funky music, Sheldon wondered if this was part of Russell's Paradox: the question of whether the set of all sets that don't contain itself as members contains itself. (SHELDON: Then I hate it. Music should be fun.) Realizing they are ahead of schedule and it's on their route, the guys decided to stop by Skywalker Ranch. Sheldon thinks they'll get in, but Leonard is pretty sure George Lucas didn't put his house out in the middle of nowhere because he wanted people to drop by.SHELDON: Yoda's swamp was in the middle of nowhere. Tattoine was in the middle of nowhere. Hoth was in the middle of nowhere. That's code, Leonard.It was time to clean out the garage at the Wolowitz house. The rest of the gang was happy to help, although both Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) would have liked to keep the Ping Pong table (or Beer Pong table according to Penny). Amy (Mayim Bialik) never got to play Ping Pong, she only ever served, since she had no friends growing up, not even one to tell her she could put one side up and play by herself. But that wasn't the big controversy of the day. Howard (Simon Helberg) found a 'for sale' sticker on his life-sized Tardis, courtesy of Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). (HOWARD: This could double in value and be worth half of what I paid for it!) Of course, Bernadette knew better and snuck a pricetage back on it. What to do? Play ping-pong to decide. However, Bernadette claimed Howard had the advantage because it was his table. But Penny, tired of all the Doctor Who episodes Leonard made her watch, volunteered to play on her behalf. And Raj decided to play on Howard's behalf with his badmiton experience.The boys made it to Skywalker Ranch. At least to the gate. Sheldon wanted to go in, but Leonard said they couldn't do it.SHELDON: Is that the attitude that got you Penny?LEONARD: No, but I don't have three years to make the gate feel sorry for me.They took a chance with the speakerbox, and since it wasn't working well, the guards let them through the gate. Leonard wasn't sure what to do, but Sheldon had a plan that needed a nurse's office and Leonard's willingness to be lightly stabbed. Leonard decided to play it honest, but it didn't work. Not even Sheldon telling the guard he was the voice of Yoda didn't work. Although the hats the guard gave him were nice, it wasn't enough. Sheldon made a break for it. He got a good view...and then he got tazered.In the Ping Pong death match, Raj was beating Penny. Bernadette wouldn't be dissuaded. She gave Raj the used-car salesman shpiel, saying how cool it would look if the doors to the Tardis were on his apartment doors. Sure enough, he started tanking so Howard asked Amy to take over. Amy wasn't much of a player, but she could serve like a champion. To counter it, Bernadette put Raj in for Penny. Who was rather offended before she realized she didn't care about the contest.In the waiting room (or whatever you call it when there's a holding cell on private property), Sheldon and Leonard were worried about having the cops called. It also didn't help there was a person crazier than Sheldon. Well, hopping the fence and making out with a Chewbacca statue in the Sculpture Gallery qualifies as crazy, doesn't it?SHELDON: (walking away from the lunatic) Leonard, they have a Sculpture Gallery!The boys get let off with a warning.The final match went down. Amy got the first five points because of her serve, but Raj tied it up because Amy couldn't return any serve from Raj. It gets to 10-10 but Amy had the next serve. (AMY: That was an exciting 40 seconds.) Suddenly, Bernadette turned her sales skills on Amy, wondering how the Tardis would look on her bedroom doors. Game, set, and match.Leonard, as you would suspect, was mad at Sheldon for ruining the weekend. But Sheldon pointed out that not only did they get into Skywalker Ranch, Leonard got to see Sheldon get tazered.Oh, did the Tardis doors work on Sheldon? Sure, he was dressed to the nines as the Tom Baker version of Doctor Who (1963) and pretending he was being chased by Daleks.
