Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is hopeful it isn't racist that he practiced a few moves from the Kama Sutra on Priya, which she finds completely silly. But to his credit, there is no such book as Weird Sex With White Boys, so when in Rome... Then Priya makes the only mistake women can make in Relationships 101: change the guy too much. She starts with Leonard's glasses, which he happily converts to contacts and goes on to a lifetime (or an episode) of crashing into things. Although Penny (Kaley Cuoco) does approve of Priya taking Leonard shopping for a whole new wardrobe, since she could never get him to stop wearing the hoodie.At work, Howard (Simon Helberg) tries a new magic trick with Raj (Kunal Nayyar). He gets a card out of the deck, and Howard correctly guesses it. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is not at all impressed, since he thinks magic is just all about misdirection and manipulation. Howard dares him to explain it.HOWARD: Have you ever noticed when he thinks real hard, it smells like bacon?Sheldon can't come up with the solution and is even more dumbfounded when Penny whispers to Howard how she thinks the trick will go...and gets it right.PENNY: Big deal! Not knowing's part of the fun.SHELDON. (mocking) 'not knowing's part of the fun'. Was that the motto of your community college?Leonard and Priya have another lovely night in bed, following Penny's reassurances she's perfectly fine with Leonard dating Priya...reassuring herself, natch. However, Priya isn't too thrilled with Penny hanging out in the guys' apartment so much and wants Leonard to stop seeing her. (Yes, they did this on , just wait it out.) Priya got Leonard to admit he wouldn't be happy if she hung out with her ex. He doesn't sound confident he can do it (shocking!), but he will try to. And he will also try to get Priya into a Lt. Uhura Star Trek uniform, except the one he knows of belongs to Raj.The next day, Leonard tries to explain it to Penny in the laundry, but Penny preventing him from ruining the shirt Priya just got him didn't help, nor did his story about Darwin's observations of finches on the Galapagos Islands changing beaks to adapt to eating in the environment with other finches. But 'a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush' sounds like Penny got it, so Leonard figures he has it covered.Sheldon spends the entire night trying to figure out the card trick, even interrupting Leonard and Priya and hacking into the military's Cray supercomputer at Oak Ridge (which prompted Homeland Security to call his mother). Perhaps Howard used a radioactive tracer, in which case Sheldon needs to find some uranium-235...on Craigslist. The next day, he improves on Howard's trick with a magic wand, which also doubled as a barcode scanner to read the barcode on the back of the card and have it texted to him. Howard does the trick one more time with Raj, and Raj is convinced again...as far as Sheldon knows.RAJ: Are you ever going to tell him?HOWARD: Maybe. When it stops being fun.Leonard takes Priya to an Indian restaurant (still not racist), where she tells him she may be getting a transfer to Los Angeles. Of course, that would make it a very bad time for Penny to stop by and hang out with them. In spite of Penny saving the silk shirt from being washed with Leonard's Spider Man underwear, Priya is definitely not a fan of hers, even though Penny really likes her. Leonard finally gives in and talks to Penny. Actually, he wants Penny to move out of the building. She correctly guesses Priya wants her to stop hanging out with Leonard. She promises to keep her distance from him, but Leonard doesn't want that. (kind of the reverse of what happened on ). She gets he's in a relationship, but he wants to hang out on the down-low with her.PENNY: Are you really that kind of guy?LEONARD: No. I actually felt silly saying 'on the down-low'.Penny leaves, but Leonard chases after her...before crashing into the door. ("Damn contacts!")Sheldon is still upset and wants to see the card trick again. This time, he picks the card. Which is a problem...until Raj sees Sheldon's card and signals to Howard what card it is.HOWARD: Two of hearts.SHELDON: I hate you.
