If it's Wednesday, it must be Klingon Boggle night at the guys' apartment. And if you go by Howard's word, there is a Klingon word for "meat-filled dumpling." However, Raj calls B.S. on him, and he is out of luck. Penny comes in to watch TV. Her TV is getting nothing but static, most likely because she hasn't paid her cable bill. She turns on "America's Next Top Model," which turns the guys on. (By guys, that means everybody but Sheldon, who continues Klingon Boggle completely unaffected and oblivious to the others.) Howard spots many a woman who could be the future Mrs. Wolowitz, replacing the current Mrs. Wolowitz, AKA his mother. When Howard inquires about a crying woman on the show, Penny tells him that nobody else in the house likes her. Howard is shocked."Wait a minute. You're telling me I'm in driving distance of a house filled with aspiring supermodels? And they live together and shower together and have...naked pillow fights?"Apparently, the bad economy is less of a deterrent to force Penny to pay her cable bill than Howard is.Howard and Raj are glued to the TV, watching the models. Nobody's been kicked off yet, but Giselle's underwater photo shoot did not go well. When they spot the house, Raj makes sure they have the star positions and physical landmarks so they can triangulate the house's position. Of course, Leonard makes the mistake of asking why. "Every week, they kick out a beautiful girl, making her feel unwanted and without self-esteem. AKA the future Mrs. Wolowitz!" As Sheldon argues about his burger (medium-well, dill pickle slices, individual relish packets, onion rings, but NO extra breading!) Penny joins the cadre of reality-TV converts (again, everybody but Sheldon, who argues that the show was not on the standard list of shows they watch) As Sheldon goes to the kitchen, Penny enjoys the banter while she takes an onion ring from Sheldon's food.GASP!!! Everybody panics!Everybody yells at Penny to put it back the way she found it. They quickly clam up as Sheldon returns, but as soon as Sheldon notices the food placement discrepancy, they fold like a house of cards and narc on Penny. She apologizes but is a little too dismissive for Sheldon's liking. This is her second strike, according to him. 3 strikes and she's out. ("It's a sports metaphor.") It would seem that strike one was 8 months ago when Penny forwarded Sheldon some "banalaties" through email. (What most people would call funny pictures of LOL Cats.) Leonard tries to calm the situation, explaining everybody goes through this, and the strikes come off after a year. (Sooner if you take Sheldon's class.) Penny is now held to the same standard because she's part of the group now. ("One of us! One of us!") She sits down, exasperated...in Sheldon's spot. Leonard tries to explain about Sheldon's spot, but Penny decides to go Rosa Parks on him. She's not moving, earning her third strike and banishment from the apartment.At The Cheesecake Factory, Howard and Raj have triangulated the "Model" house to a three square mile radius in the Hollywood Hills. Or Durham, North Carolina. (I drove there after the show; it's not in Durham, trust me.) Leonard is realistic in thinking there's no way they'll get near that house, but Howard knows "if they can put Neil Armstrong on the moon, before this year is out, they'll put a Wolowitz on one of America's Next Top Models." Penny arrives to take their usual orders but seems to forget Sheldon. It wasn't an accident: Sheldon is banished from the Cheesake Factory. He has three strikes: coming in, sitting down, and that Penny doesn't like his attitude. Sheldon protests strenuously, however the policy at the restaurant is now "no shoes, no shirt, no Sheldon." ("I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.") Leonard takes Penny aside and tries to smooth things over. He had a long talk with Sheldon and thinks he can get Penny's ban lifted if she just apologizes. She refuses to apologize to Sheldon and cannot see how the guys keep allowing Sheldon's insane behavior to go unchecked."We're not encouraging him. It's more like...knuckling under." (it doesn't work)Later, she brings out the food, including Sheldon's at the behest of her manager. She encourages him to have his bacon barbecue cheeseburger. She dares him.Now it's time for Sheldon's reply to Penny's defiance. As the guys locate the "Model" house (courtesy of Howard's friend at NORAD), Penny brings them her laptop, which has lost it's wi-fi access. Sheldon has blocked her from piggybacking on the guys' wi-fi access, complete with a nasty video message. Leonard warns her not to reply back, as "he's one lab accident away from being a supervillain." Penny is unfazed, she was in Junior Rodeo and can hogtie and castrate Sheldon within 60 seconds. Howard offers to fix the wi-fi, but Sheldon has already anticipated this and given everybody an additional strike for circumventing his rules.The ball is now in Penny's court. She is waiting for Sheldon as he heads down for laundry night on Saturdays at 8:15. Following him down to the laundry room, warning him that he may find something "unpleasant." Sure enough, every washer is taken. Of course, Sheldon could find another night to do his laundry, but being a creature of habit, this is a scary proposition for him. Soon, however, he's figured out a way to solve this. When Penny doesn't get her laundry out right away, he decides to take it upstairs and prove how well he knows the laws of physics..."HOW DID YOU GET THEM ON THE TELEPHONE WIRES!?!?!?!"He demands an apology, she refuses, and now she has to get a long stick and play "panty pinata." Leonard walks right in and can't believe this is happening. Penny is ready to take it to "junior rodeo" level, but Leonard has one more card to play. His last resort is to hand Penny a note. It's "Sheldon's Kryptonite." Even Penny is shocked by how horrible the suggestion is. However, "it'll shorten the war by 5 years and save millions of lives!"Sheldon receives a call from his mother. Sheldon is horribly shocked by what his mom wants."But she sat in my spot and touched my food! OK, I took her clothes, but she started it! I don't think Jesus would be concerned with this! OK, I don't know what Jesus would consider important, but..."Sheldon is upset that Leonard told on him, but the damage is done. A broken Sheldon returns all of Penny's clothes, completely folded, and apologizes for everything he did. She is no longer banned. She is glad that this is over, but Sheldon admits what she did was well-played. And to quote Cliff Robertson in "Spider-Man," "with great power comes great responsibility." Hopefully, Howard and Raj know this as they successfully infiltrate the "Model" house posing as cable (actually satellite) repairmen.
