People have been ragging on Leonard on the IMDB boards. But if his girlfriend joining the guys for "Mystical Warlords of Ka-ah" doesn't prove he's great in bed, nothinig will. Of course, Penny really isn't getting the game, although she does know that practically everything beats Enchanted Bunny...unless it has the Carrot of Power. She is ready to throw a potion card when Sheldon, who isn't even playing, informs her that none of her potions will work, and the cards in the undrawn pile are 4 fire weapons, a troll, two ogres and the Jewel of Osiris, thus ending the game and Penny's eternal appreciation. Apparently, Sheldon has a photographic memory, which is actually an eidetic memory, but who's splitting hairs. (Sheldon...all the time.) He even remembers what Leonard had for lunch on May 7th. (Turkey, and he complained it was dry.) But Penny has to go because the last time she didn't leave, she ended up playing Mystic Warlords of Ka. ("It's Ka-AH!")Leonard still can't believe Penny is going out with him, nor can the other guys. This reminds Howard that he and Leonard made a pact that if either one dated a hot girlfriend, they would have her find a friend for the other. Leonard can't remember making the pact. ("June 30th, 2004. Opening Day of Spider-Man II, AMC Theatres, Pasadena. They only had red Icees that day, no blue.") Of course, Leonard only made that pact because he never thought he'd have a hot girlfriend, and he was positive Howard never would. Sadly, nature called for Raj, so he wasn't included in the pact.At the university, Sheldon won't let Leonard participate in his 4-napkin system and Howard won't leave Leonard alone about having Penny find a date for him. Raj has some good news, though. (clearly not about his new sweater vest) There will be a "Mystic Warlords of Ka-ah" tournament at the comic book store, with $500 going as first prize. Sheldon doesn't feel the need to demonstrate his prowess simply for winning some money. Raj argues half of the money would be his. ("Do you need the money to buy a less disturbing sweater vest?")Apparently, Leonard's prowess in the bedroom is legitimate, although to be fair, he did Google the information he needed that made Penny declare that he really was a genius. He takes the post-coital moment to discuss the pact he made with Howard that kind of involved her. ("OK, I don't know where you're going with this, but tread carefully because it may be the last conversation we have.") Leonard tells her about setting up Howard with one of her friends, and she is understandably resistant to the idea.LEONARD: Come on, you know deep down inside Howard's a really good guy.PENNY: The problem isn't what's on the inside. It's the creepy candy coating.At the comic book store, Raj discovers that Wil Wheaton, as in Star Trek's Wil Wheaton, is signed up for the Mystic Warlords tournament. Apparently he lives nearby and is a big gamer. And Sheldon hears this. Somebody ready the USS Reliant, a blonde wig, and a rubberized breastplate for him. It would appear that Sheldon idolized Ensign Wesley Crusher on "Star Trek: The Next Generation" so much so in his youth, he rode 10 hours on a bus, twice violating his personal rule of relieving himself in a moving vehicle, to have Wil sign his mint, in-package, Wesley Crusher action figure at a convention in Jackson, Mississippi. However, Wil didn't show, and Sheldon has pledged eternal hatred for him ever since. Raj thinks he has a partner for the tournament.SHELDON: He is 6th on my all-time enemies list between Joel Schumacher, who almost ruined the Batman franchise (you gotta give him that one after the Bat-nipples), and Billy Sparks, who lived down the street from me and put dog poop on the handles of my bicycle. In the words of Khan Noonian Singh from the immortal "Wrath of Khan," "He tasks me. He tasks me and I shall have him!"RAJ: Sign here.SHELDON: FROM HELL'S HEART, I STAB AT THEE!!!STUART: OK, Raj, you're teamed up with "Die, Wil Wheaton, Die."Leonard, Penny, and Howard head out for their double date. Penny told her friend that Howard was an aerospace engineer and spoke 5 languages (6 actually, but Klingon doesn't count) but didn't mention his low percentage of body fat because Penny thought that would be a nice surprise for her. But she did tell her friend about Howard's unhealthy attachment to his mother. Actually, she's kidding. ("Another delightful surprise for her.") But at least Howard isn't staring down Wil Wheaton in the comic book store and destroying the opponents in his path without any effort.SHELDON: Wil Wheaton, my old friend. I've chased you 'round the moons of Nibia and 'round the Antares Maelstrom and 'round Perdition's Flames!RAJ: Do you realize you keep quoting "Wrath of Khan" but he was in "Next Generation?" It's a completely different set of characters.SHELDON: SILENCE!Howard tries to make small talk in the car with Penny's friend, Bernadette. Well, he tries. Succeeds is a different story. His little joke about her grad school studies falls flat, but really, no guy can make Microbiology sound cute. She doesn't like science-fiction, role playing games (fantasy or bedroom), magic (put away the handkerchief, Howard), and she doesn't even like puppies, mainly because one bit her in the face.Sheldon and Raj easily dispatch their semi-final opponents, and it's on to Wil Wheaton.SHELDON: bortaS bIr jablu'DI' reH QaQqu' nay'!WIL WHEATON: Did that guy just say "Revenge is a dish that is best served cold" in Klingon?STUART: I'm afraid so.WIL WHEATON: What is wrong with him?STUART: Everyone has a theory.At the restaurant, Howard continues trying to find common ground with Bernadette, while Leonard and Penny quietly lament how long the night is going to be. Howard's mother calls, and he quickly debates on whether or not to answer it. Bernadette is sympathetic, as her mother drives her nuts as well. Her mother calls her every day at work to ask if she had a healthy lunch, but Howard's mother beats that by calling Howard every day to ask if he had a healthy bowel movement. And the debate continuesBERNADETTE: Does she lay out your clothes for you in the morning like you were 9 years old?HOWARD: (smitten) You live with your mother?BERNADETTE: No! That's the sad part.HOWARD: My mother made me wear rubber gloves to kindergarten so I wouldn't catch a disease from the other kids.BERNADETTE: My mother wouldn't let me ride a bicycle because she thought I'd hit a bump and lose my virginity.Apparently, Penny and Leonard are quite the matchmakers, and Howard and Bernadette have family dinners to attend. That is, if Bernadette will wear her Catholic cross to a Shabazz dinner to give his mom the big brain aneurysm he wants, and he has to come to Sunday dinner at her house wearing a yamakule.Sure enough, Sheldon and Raj are doing to Wil Wheaton what Wil Wheaton did to the first season of "Star Trek: The Next Generation." (That was for the Wesley Crusher haters out there.) Sheldon decides to tell the story of Wil Wheaton blowing off the convention when he was a kid. However, Wil's grandmother had just died, and suddenly the tide turns. Wil apologizes completely to Sheldon for ruining his convention.SHELDON: Your mee-maw died? If my mee-maw died, I'd be one unconsolable moonpie. I should clarify that statement and tell you she calls me moonpie.Wil is going to play out the hand, knowing he'll lose, to make up for it. But Sheldon is overcome with guilt. Raj wants him to finish the game, but Sheldon tanks it on purpose and throws the Enchanted Bunny.SHELDON: I can't defeat Wil Wheaton, who loves his mee-maw.WIL WHEATON: I call my grandmother Nana, and she'll be happy to hear that my small rock kills your Enchanted Bunny.Yup, Sheldon got Bazinga'ed.WHEEEEAAAAAATTTTTTOOOOOONNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!WHEEEEAAAAAATTTTTTOOOOOONNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!
