The entire gang (all seven of them) are enjoying Thai food, and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) goes in for the final dumpling. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) stops her and says the last morsel of food, the greng jie, goes to the most important person in the room, according to Thai tradition. Penny takes it and thanks everybody for the honor. (SHELDON: I've seen pictures of your mother. Keep eating.) Howard (Simon Helberg) tells his "honey" (Bernadette, not Raj) they have to head to the movies. Since Penny has to go to work, they get the "honor" of driving Sheldon to a talk at a model train store. Probably not a good idea to discuss future living plans with Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), as she was not thrilled about the concept of moving in with Howard's mother and even less thrilled with Howard just springing it on her. However, Bernadette comes back later and is sorry for snapping at Howard. He apologizes and suggests a tryout. He asks his mother if Bernadette can stay for the weekend.HOWARD'S MOTHER: HEY, IF SHE'S WILLING TO GIVE THE MILK AWAY FOR FREE, WHO AM I TO SAY NO?!?!?! FRANKLY, AFTER ALL YOUR SLEEPOVERS WITH THE LITTLE BROWN BOY, A GIRL IS A BIG RELIEF!!Meanwhile, Leonard (Johnny Galecki) has work to do. However, Amy (Mayim Bialik) hasn't cleared out of the apartment, as she "is not interested in model trains, stores that sell them, or their heartbreaking clientèle." Since Leonard is too nice to tell her to go home, they share a rather awkward few hours together, made even more awkward as she just stares out into space and thinks about what she was reading earlier. But Leonard should take heart: she's having as wonderful of a time as she did at her gynecologist's office. She admits she sometimes overstays her welcome, like at her gynecologist's office. It turns out Amy is up all night ("like a possum!"), but she sympathizes with Leonard for having everybody write nasty things in his yearbook. That still beat her mother being the only to sign hers. ("Self-respect and a hymen are better than friends and fun. Love, Mom.") It turns out Amy had ulterior motives. She wanted Leonard to accompany her to the wedding of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustafson. ("They're kind of the Brad and Angelina of the Primatology Department.") Sheldon acted like a baby the last time they tried to go to a wedding. Leonard agrees.AMY: No date to the prom, two dates to a wedding. How times change.Penny is curious to know why a brilliant scientist like Sheldon is going ga-ga over his new starter model train set. (Apparently, HO-scale is better than O-scale, he happily discovered.) Amy would prefer not to answer without cutting Sheldon's head open. Penny figures she's better off just preparing Amy for the wedding, working on her makeup and hair. They figure they don't really need to make Amy's eyes look like Cleopatra, as "my cheekbones and pelvis already have a 'Hello, Sailor' quality to them." Amy bought a corsage for Leonard to give her and he puts it on. ("When you're done copping a feel, that goes on my wrist.")The first night is not going well. (FYI, brisket, Mrs. Wolowitz, and a WaterPik are three things that should never be discussed in the same sentence.) Howard asks his mother for some privacy. ("I KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS! HUBBA-HUBBA!")At the wedding, Leonard isn't much for dancing or conversation. Amy isn't particularly thrilled, although she acknowledges the bride and groom are having a good time, mainly because "they have a feverish night of socially-approved copulation ahead of them." Amy wants him to stop being a mope, but Leonard's depressed because the wedding reminds him he has a sorta-kinda girlfriend 9,000 miles away.AMY: I have a sorta kinda boyfriend at home playing with a model train, but you don't hear me bitching about it. A word of advice: moody self-obsession is only attractive in men who can play guitar and are considerably taller than you.Leonard wants to prove he can have fun, so Amy wants him to go on the dance floor. She takes him out for the Chicken Dance, and they start to relax.Oh, was Bernadette's night going bad? She can't brush her teeth because Howard's mother is on the toilet...and won't get off. She tells Bernadette she can come in; she won't be embarrassed. And Howard thinks that's a good compromise, since he does it all the time. Despite his assurances she won't see anything, Bernadette's reached her limit. Although on the good side, "THE EAGLE HAS LANDED!"Amy has to help Leonard back up to the apartment. Apparently, Leonard put his left leg in, he took his left leg out, he put his left leg in, and it did not shake all about. Kind of snapped, actually. Amy thanks him for giving it the ol' college try, but Leonard thanks her for taking him out and using the neck of the wedding's ice swan to put on his pulled groin. They say their goodnights (Leonard even kisses her on the cheek), and Amy makes a beeline to Penny's. The wedding went great...until, according to Amy, she made Leonard accidentally fall in love with her. (Yeah, I did a double-take on that one, too.) Penny thinks she a bit cuckoo for Coco-Puffs, but Amy will talk to him in the morning, because she wants to let him have the night. Leonard "just doesn't get my motor runnin')AMY: (to Penny) Frankly, you have a better shot than he does.In the morning, Leonard tells Sheldon he had a lot of fun with Amy. Although he had to admit his groin was a little worse for the wear. Sheldon's reaction? He judo chops him!SHELDON: She is not for you!Bernadette, sporting the greatest amount of patience since Job, brought Howard breakfast in bed. Although accidentally calling her Mom didn't help much. Bernadette was trying her best to communicate with his mother.HOWARD'S MOTHER: DID HE LIKE THE PANCAKES?!?!?BERNADETTE: (paging Dr. Freud) HE DIDN'T TRY THEM YET!!HOWARD'S MOTHER: (Howard wanted butter) IT'S BUTTER FLAVORED SYRUP!!!BERNADETTE: I JUST TOLD HIM THAT!!!
