Sheldon (Jim Parsons) needs to go to the bathroom badly, even though Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is taking a shower. The Roommate Agreement clearly states private time in the shower is banned in case of emergency. ("A 32 oz. banana smoothie, a 16 oz. bladder. You do the math.") However, Sheldon might want to do other math, as in count the number of people actually in the shower. Priya (Aarti Mann) has joined Leonard in there. She might be sympathetic to Sheldon's force majeure, but Sheldon can't pee in front of her. So he settles for the next best thing. Knock-knock-knock-PENNY-knock-knock-knock-PENNY!Sheldon is pissed off (although he avoided being pissed on), and he accuses Leonard of two violations of the Roommate Agreement. But clearly Sheldon forgot what Priya did for a living, and she demands to know the charges. ("Cool, I've got a lawyer. And I've seen her naked!") Sheldon accused Leonard of denying him access to the toilet in a time of need and for exceeding his occupancy in the shower, as they were not under attack by water-soluble aliens. Priya wants to see the agreement, as Leonard is quite proud of her degree from Cambridge. Sure enough, since Sheldon left the definition of 'an emergency' vague, the law sides on the party who didn't draft the agreement. And on the second count, Leonard and Priya merely had to leave adequate hot water for Sheldon when he showered second. Both charges dismissed.LEONARD: No offense, but shower sex with you is now the second-best thing that's happened today!And they weren't done yet. Greek food on Pizza Night would really mess with Sheldon, according to Raj (Kunal Nayyar). ("It's the most delightfully cruel thing we've done since leaving that fake message for from Stephen Hawking on his voicemail.") Sure enough, Sheldon protests, and Howard (Simon Helberg) goes to his lawyer (Priya), who pointed out Pizza Night was specific to the non-defunct Franconi's Pizza and Sheldon didn't allow public hearings on the selection of a new restaurant.PRIYA: Were those criteria met, Sheldon?SHELDON: (meek) No.THE GUYS: OPAA!!SHELDON: But Leonard, you hate Greek food.LEONARD: (big smile) Not as much as you.But the guys were nice enough to get Sheldon a lamb kabob. He tried. And failed.Sheldon tries to go to Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) and make it Pizza Night there, but she was going out to dinner with Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). She invites Sheldon, who was not enthused. ("You'll probably be talking about rainbows and unicorns and menstrural cramps.") But Penny says they might trash Priya in the process. ("SHOTGUN!") Amy is up for it. ("Fair warning: we can get ka-razy!") And Penny explains to everyone Priya was giving Sheldon a hard time and she felt sorry for him. So the Priya-bashing starts early, and Bernadette opens up with her pantsuits.AMY: I need some context here.PENNY: Pantsuits suck.AMY: And that opens up to justifiable ridicule for wearing them. Nice one, Bernadette. (to Sheldon) See? Ka-razy!As the party continues, Amy and Bernadette are feeling no pain, and Sheldon is.AMY: Are you wearing baby powder?SHELDON: It's talc. But since that's the primary ingredient of baby powder, I understand your confusion.AMY: Oh, I'm not confused at all. You're like a sexy toddler.And a lesson to learn: never be the designated driver to friends of the opposite sex. A hammered Penny demands to know if Sheldon ever kissed a girl, and Sheldon answered no. (rather quickly, too)SHELDON: In the interest of full disclosure, I was once on a bus and had to give mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion. Every year I get a Christmas card from her, signed with far too many X's and O's.Penny and Bernadette wonder where Sheldon's scientific curiosity is at regarding kissing a woman, and Amy offers up her lips to science. But Sheldon claims he knows all there is to know about kissing, as it takes 34 facial muscles and 112 postural muscles.AMY: Oh, blah, blah, blah! Give me some sugar, Bestie! (and she kisses Penny)They decide to see if Sheldon can dance, which he declines but claims he excels at the waltz, rhumba, and the cha-cha, having learned as a child at a cotillion. And for the third time that day, a loophole screws over Sheldon, as a gentleman can't turn down three ladies who ask him to dance. While Amy belts out some Katy Perry, they find a place to dance. Even being the youngest people there by about 30 years (and the only non-Koreans, as their Korean cab driver knew only one place where they waltz), Sheldon and Amy cut up a rug while Penny gets hit on by the older guys, who are just as eager to put their hands on her ass as the younger guys.Going back to Amy's, she wonders why they don't have fun every night if they're supposedly the smart people.SHELDON: What's 16 times 14?AMY: (pause) My burps taste like cranberry juice.SHELDON: And there's your answer.Amy entices Sheldon into her apartment with promises of Yoo-Hoo. ("You own a smoking monkey? What's he doing here?" "I'm giving him emphysema; the least I could do is let him hang out and watch cable.") Sheldon confesses Priya all but ripping up the roommate agreement is making his life in his apartment very uncomfortable. ("And you want me to kill her? Done!") But Sheldon needed to talk to Smart Amy, not Ka-razy Amy. But she gives him some reality and says his intelligence might be causing his dilemma. He is so determined to play by the rules, she thought he should "play dirty". Which she demonstrates by kissing him. And then going to the bathroom to throw up, although first assured Sheldon one had nothing to do with the other.Sheldon, however, took Amy's words to heart. He told Leonard to sign a new roommate agreement that greatly benefitted him. Naturally, Leonard refused, so Sheldon set the Auto-Destruct sequence on his computer, just like in the  episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield. (even got the destruct code right, although his computer showed a graphic from ). Is Sheldon going to blow up the apartment?SHELDON: That was my first thought, but all my cool stuff is here. Unless Leonard signs this agreement in the next 41 seconds, this computer will send an email to your parents in India, saying you're in a secret relationship with the whiter-than-Marshmallow-Fluff Leonard Hofstadter.Leonard doesn't think it's a big deal, but Priya threatens to dump him if he doesn't give Sheldon what he wants.SHELDON: You may have gone to Cambridge, but I am an honorary graduate of Starfleet Academy!Amy calls on videoconference, and she was feeling the effects of the prior evening. ("Ah, the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle.") But Sheldon figured Amy finding a Korean man's business card in her cleavage was enough punishment. He thanked her for the excellent advice she gave him. But given what happened the prior night, Sheldon suggested treating it like a crashed computer: restore it to the last point where they agreed it worked. Which was fine with Amy, as her cigarette-smoking chimp was giving her grief.AMY: Not easy living with a tempermental primate.LEONARD: (from the bedroom) Come on, Priya! Just admit I embarrass you!SHELDON: (to Amy) You're preaching to the choir, sister.
