Apparently there is a thing about the way Raj (Kunal Nayyar) says "mustache" that Howard (Simon Helberg) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) find funny. Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) thinks they're being childish, and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) agrees, given that they're old enough to grow their own mustaches. (AMY: Hey, you were funny on purpose. Good job!) Penny (Kaley Cuoco) returns from her audition and everybody says she'll do better next time. You know, instead of finding out first how it went. Penny goes to sit on the floor, turning down Raj's offer of his seat, when Bernadette and Amy (Mayim Bialik) realize they have enough room for a dining room table and a nice place to put it up by the window. (RAJ: Oh, sure. I sit on the floor for years and nobody cares. Then the pretty white girl sits there ten seconds and suddenly we're all running to Ikea.) Sheldon shoots the idea down, explaining Chaos Theory that one little change to the conditions, even an unknown one, in a non-linear formula, can have a cataclysmic effect.PENNY: Translation?LEONARD: WAAAAAHHHH, I don't want a table!Leonard decides he wants to get a new dining room table with Penny, and Sheldon decided he wanted to use that space for his old desk and to relearn Windows 98. (SHELDON: I can't talk right now, I have several thousand updates to download.) He was like Arthur Dent in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005), lying in front of the bulldozers to stop them from destroying his house, even though the Vogons blew up Earth anyway. Sheldon dares him to name one thing in that part of the apartment they could live without, and Leonard photographs Sheldon, then tells him he should check his inbox.Howard had Raj over where both of them could enjoy the new magic wand remote. Bernadette didn't enjoy it so much when Howard waved it at her and said "mute" but whatevs. Howard gets a call from NASA, asking him to go back to the International Space Station and repair the telescope mount he built and installed for them the last time. Bernadette, you may suspect, was none too happy about Howard going back up there, mainly because of all the complaining and crying he did the last time it happened.Penny and Leonard check out a few tables. One made of reclaimed wood wouldn't work because Sheldon would be too afraid of the original owners coming back. Penny was getting a bit tired of Sheldon being in on the decision, particularly since Leonard was paying for the table himself and it was his apartment. Leonard agreed, since Sheldon chose the TV shows they watch, the food they ate, even what Leonard's favorite Hobbit was. (Sheldon chose Frodo, so Leonard was left with Sam.) They found a table and brought it home. Sure enough, Sheldon didn't like it and wanted it out because the Roommate Agreement stated any changes in furniture had to be approved by the Furnishing Committee, which met every other year...and was comprised of only Sheldon. Penny demanded Leonard stand up for himself (which he did in the only way Leonard could...badly), and Sheldon finally figured out the problem. Penny had reshaped Leonard from "an acceptable conduit" for Sheldon into something completely different thanks to her newfangled ideas and her fancy genitals. Penny said that's what happened in relationships and the same thing had happened to Sheldon since he started dating Amy.PENNY: When I first met you, you were incapable of TOUCHING another human being, and now you're holding hands, you're going on dates, and you even made out with her on a train.Sheldon realizes Penny was right in that Amy had made a huge impact on his personality. (LEONARD: Sheldon, you never had a personality. You just had a few shows you like.) He had no choice: he had to break up with Amy.SHELDON: Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now!Penny calls Amy, who is prepared when Sheldon arrives and takes out his iPad to have her sign the dissolution of their Relationship Agreement. She had already moved on, she knew the breakup had nothing to do with her, and she was even happy to take the survey form offered at the end. Sheldon was surprised, but Amy said this was simply about Leonard taking the focus off of the ugly table they just bought by sowing discord into their relationship. She hated the table and completely sided with Sheldon on this, but it was irrelevant now since she'd never see it anyway. Amy said Leonard was manipulating him like he always did.SHELDON: Wait. How do I know YOU'RE not manipulating me right now?AMY: I would think if I were manipulating you, you'd be smart enough to see it.SHELDON: How do I know you're not saying that as part of the manipulation?AMY: You'd be smart enough to see that, too.SHELDON: (pause) OK. Sorry to give you such a hard time, but I had to be sure.Bernadette decided an intervention was in order for Howard since he was completely ignoring all of the trouble he had the first time he prepared to go into space. She brought Raj, her father (Casey Sander), and even NASA Astronaut Michael Massimino to talk Howard out of it. Mike Rostenkowski reminded Howard he asked him to shoot him in the foot to get out of it, but Howard played that off as a joke. Raj told him about Howard throwing up during zero gravity training and then re-swallowing his vomit...several times. Howard was OK with that. Then Massimino told Howard he'd have to go through survival training again. That worked. Only Howard needed a medical excuse to get out of it. The doctor said he was completely fine, but one call to Howard's mother, and his blood pressure shot up into the stratosphere.Sheldon and Amy returned to the apartment still together. Sheldon said that Amy pointed out that Leonard was trying to manipulate him.AMY: Which you figured out by yourself.SHELDON: Which I figured out by myself.Sheldon wouldn't put up with being manipulated by Leonard (thanks to Amy manipulating him), but Leonard pointed out the spot Sheldon loved to sit only happened because Leonard bought the leather couch when he first moved in. How was that OK but buying the dining room table wasn't?AMY: You don't need to explain yourself to him.SHELDON: (to Leonard) I don't need to explain myself to you!AMY: You're sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me.SHELDON: Keep the table! We don't use the space!AMY: (realizing) Damnit, I got cocky.Everybody was enjoying dinner at the new table...except Sheldon, who insisted on sitting in his usual spot, and Amy, who would have looked like an idiot if she sat there. But Sheldon preferred doing things like they always did, but if those days are gone, everyone else could eat at the table. That guilted Bernadette into joining them on the couches, followed by Howard, then Penny, then Leonard. And Raj?RAJ: Screw that! I sat on the floor for seven years. I'm staying right here!BERNADETTE: Come on. It's not the same without you.Raj caved and took his traditional spot on the floor. And Sheldon thought it was nice.SHELDON: Sometimes the baby wins.
