It's time to fly some kites. Well, fight some kites. Kites Ho! Of course, Sheldon has to point out that "ho" refers to the destination, not the activity. Speaking of which, Penny is about to engage in an activity of her own, besides bringing back those shorts with the piping along the leg that were popular in the 70's. Which she can totally rock, BTW. She is having some friends over to watch Nebraska play football. She didn't originally invite Leonard because she thought he would be bored because he didn't like football. Of course, Leonard thinks it's because Penny is embarrassed to introduce him to her friends.LEONARD: Well that sucks.SHELDON: I'm sorry, I got bored and drifted off. Where exactly in the interaction did the sucking lie?RAJ: Leonard just realized that Penny's been hiding him from her friends because he's a tiny little man who flies kites.SHELDON: Oh that certainly would suck.It turns out kite fighting is something of a bust, since Leonard is still too occupied with Penny not inviting him to watch football and Howard thinks a cute jogger smiled at him. Naturally, he has to pursue her (or commit a felony, as Raj says), and Raj loses his prize Patang kite fighting machine which his brother sent over from India. In the car on the way home, Howard laments he would have caught up to her if he hadn't pulled a hammy. ("You weigh 80 pounds, you don't even have a hammy.") Raj and Howard have an argument in the car that would book Leonard's mother for a week concerning their "ersatz homosexual marriage", since Howard once again abandoned Raj for a woman he didn't even have a shot with.Back at the apartment, Leonard asks Penny if she is embarrassed to have him meet her friends. He has only met her large ex-boyfriend and her other, smaller (but still larger than him) ex-boyfriend. Penny thought he wouldn't like her friends since they weren't geniuses. But Leonard has friends who aren't geniuses...well, Facebook friends, anyway. She invites him to the game next week, since they have them every week.One thing one can do when one is a genius and doesn't know something is to study it. Leonard is studying football and even bought a "Football for Dummies" book.RAJ: The only thing I've learned in the last two hours is that American men enjoy drinking beer, pee too often, and have trouble getting erections.LEONARD: Focus on the game, not the commercials, Raj.RAJ: I'm just saying maybe if people would cut back on the beer, they could get out of the bathroom and satisfy their woman without pharmaceutical help.Howard comes in and wants to know why Raj isn't helping him pimp out his Vespa. (Words never before uttered in the English language.) Raj is still upset with Howard for ditching him. He is tired of Howard of abandoning him when he sees a pretty woman even when he doesn't have a shot at her.Leonard keeps wondering about the stats of the game, such as a sack.SHELDON: It's football nomenclature for when a quarterback is tackled behind the line of scrimmage.LEONARD: Huh. (checking) Scrimmage...SHELDON: (impatiently) The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating the offense and the defense.HOWARD: Sheldon knows football?? Quidditch, OK. But football?Lest anyone forget, Sheldon is from Texas, where football is a second religion. The only football they don't have in Texas is European football (soccer), which they believe is a Commie plot. He also knows a lot about frying meats that aren't chicken as if they were chicken. Leonard invokes a Tier 1 friendship request to be taught football by Sheldon. He reluctantly agrees.SHELDON: Alright, Poindexter. Sit down, shut up, and listen! (beat) That's how my father always began my football conversations. And if you like, I'll take you outside and teach you how to shoot so close to a raccoon it craps itself.Leonard readies himself for the game, even buying a Cornhusker football jersey. Although on him, it looks like a Cornhusker football cocktail dress. (Why couldn't they have Penny wear that?) Well, it was the smallest one they had, unless Leonard bought one for dogs. Sheldon is confused.SHELDON: Am I correct in assuming your attempt to be accepted by Penny's peers is based on your desire to insure your continuing mating privileges with her?LEONARD: Well, I wouldn't exactly put it that way.SHELDON: How would you put it?LEONARD: (pause) OK, like you said.SHELDON: Huh. Seems like an awful lot of trouble to go through for intercourse. Don't you have access to women who will do it for money? By the way, another accepted usage for the word "ho."Give Sheldon credit, though. It is a social requirement that Leonard not arrive empty-handed. He offers to give Leonard some toast made with his Cylon toaster.Howard tries to go to Raj's house and make a peace offering by giving him a new kite. A Hello Kitty kite. But it does have a coin purse. Raj is still upset about being ditched all the time, especially when he went with Howard to Radio Shack to get a phone with big numbers for Howard's mother...only Howard wasn't even there. He was busy hitting on the counter girl at the hot-dog-on-a-stick place. Howard apologizes and offers to take Raj anyplace he wants to go. Raj decides the La Brea Tarpits. But the traffic and the crowds...great idea!At Penny's, Leonard tries to fit in with Penny's friends (who apparently don't talk much to reduce costs). The good news is, Leonard is very knowledgeable about football, thanks to Sheldon. The bad news is, Leonard is very knowledgeable about football, thanks to Sheldon. Leonard apparently doesn't know the difference between a highlight from 11 years ago and the live game. Also, he agrees with everybody regarding an intentional grounding call the officials missed...by explaining in detail what constitutes intentional grounding. Penny asks how many beers he has had, hoping that he was simply drunk and not being embarrassing. Sheldon enters, employing his three knock-Penny cadence even though the door was open. He tries to ask Leonard in code if everything is going OK so as not to tip off the rest of the room. Well, code being the word mimesis, when the mimicker takes on the actions of an object or an organism. Sheldon offers to take Leonard kite fighting again, but Leonard declines, even though Sheldon was offering him an alternative, something he never got from football. Penny is almost insisting he go. And given that they've only gotten to halftime, Leonard gives up to go fight a kite.On the good side, Howard and Raj have made up and are relaxing at the tarpits. That is until a woman walks by. (This one DID smile at Howard.) Howard resists, and resists. But like the Borg, resistance is futile. He's off again.
