A friendly game of Dungeons & Dragons brings the boys together. Howard (Simon Helberg) encounters a hideous, foul-smelling, moss-covered ogre. His reaction: "Hey, Mom. What's for dinner?" Of course, he's in the middle of planning for a wedding, whereas Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) girlfriend is 9,000 miles away, so he can do whatever he wants. (HOWARD: Like play nerd games with us and taking a suspiciously long shower?) Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is trying to keep the guys on task, but Raj (Kunal Nayyar) is depressed...and eating an entire pie...because he doesn't have the blonde girlfriend with the big bazongas all those American TV shows and movies promised. (HOWARD: Eat another pie; you'll have your own bazongas.) Raj gives up on D&D because he's too depressed about not having a girlfriend.SHELDON: Because you don't have a girlfriend? Good Lord, if that becomes a reason people don't play Dungeons & Dragons, this game is in serious trouble.Apparently, Raj's loneliness isn't a secret to the guys. Penny (Kaley Cuoco), Amy (Mayim Bialik), and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) noticed it too, if Raj crying at Bernadette's cake tasting and eating all the samples was any indication. They decide to set him up with someone, but there is the obvious problem of Raj being able to talk to women without alcohol. Bernadette has one candidate, whose husband has congestive heart failure and is in the placebo group for an experimental drug. However, Penny found someone from her spin class, Emily (Katie Leclerc). Obviously, Raj starts having problems talking to her, until Penny tells Raj that Emily is deaf. That garners a smile and a wave from Raj. (Cue the theme from Love Story (1970)).RAJ: (to Emily) Hi.Howard sticks around to translate in sign language. Of course, between Raj trying to play it cool and Emily having to meet up with her family, Howard tells Emily that Raj will text her.RAJ: Look at that, I have a date! I love America again!On the date (coincidentally, at the same place Sheldon and Amy met for their first date) Raj decides that he'll break the ice with a deaf joke. Howard nixes that in a hurry. (You know you're in trouble when even HOWARD is cooler than you.) Emily shows up.RAJ: Tell her, her eyes shimmer like opalescent lilies in the lake of the palace of the celestial maidens.HOWARD: Really? That's the first thing you want to say?RAJ: I worked on it all night! Use it!HOWARD: (signing to Emily) He says he likes your eyes.RAJ: You're making me sound like a caveman.This is how the night pretty much goes. Raj wants to ask how many children she wants and what her favorite music is. Fortunately, Howard refuses to, nor will he tell Emily that Raj has a sexy voice like James Earl Jones. Emily wants to know if Raj plays an instrument, and, well, signing the band name "Frankie Goes to Bollywood" takes a bit of effort.The date is going well, thanks to Howard filtering Raj's more bizarre questions and stories. But Emily signs a story about Christmas and getting a puppy, but Howard has to text Bernadette he'll be late. Then the puppy dies from choking on a doll's head, and Howard doesn't get Raj to a sad face quickly enough.The date ends, and Emily looks in her purse to get a pen and paper to give Raj her number. Raj asks Howard if he should kiss her, but Howard doesn't know what she would want. Well, the gentle but sweet kiss Emily gives Raj is the answer. Of course, Howard wants partial credit for the kiss because he stopped Raj from sounding like an idiot on the date. Raj reluctantly agrees.Sheldon, in the meantime, is using his D&D dice to make all of his decisions, such as having creamed succotash at The Cheesecake Factory and washing it down with a pitcher of margaritas. (But the dice do give him a hot fudge sundae for dessert!) Now he's rocking a mustache, based on the percentage of his face the dice tell him to shave.SHELDON: In the past few weeks, unburdened by trivial decisions, I've co-authored two papers in notable peer review journals and I'm close to figuring out why the Large Hadron Collider has yet to isolate the Higgs boson particle.LEONARD: You forgot to mention chafed testicles because you stopped wearing underpants.SHELDON: The dice giveth and the dice taketh away.A bigger shock is that Raj has dated Emily every day for a month. He has even bought her diamond earrings and leased her a car. Leonard thinks Emily might be taking advantage of Raj but Penny denies it. ("Handicapped people are always nice.") Sheldon has some information, but the dice won't let him divulge it. But Penny pointed out he rolled doubles, so he has to re-roll. The information was that the Koothrappalis had a ridiculous amount of wealth, so gifts aren't a big deal to Raj. Sheldon had to notarize several bank documents for Raj. ("The Koothrappalis aren't just rich. They're Richie Rich rich. About halfway between Bruce Wayne and Scrooge McDuck.") While Leonard goes and tells Priya just how much he loves her, Howard reveals Raj even paid off all of Emily's credit cards. (PENNY: I could have dated Raj for a few months!)Penny takes Howard down to her gym so she could talk to Emily. She starts telling Emily that Raj is naive and might not get the concept of how dating works. Unfortunately, Howard doesn't get the concept of concentrating on signing and not looking at all the hot women in spandex walking by.PENNY: Howard, tell her what I'm saying!HOWARD: (signing) Are you a gold digger or not?Emily isn't thrilled about that. She tells Penny to mind her own...something...business and they can go...something...themselves. Back at home, Raj gives Penny both barrels.PENNY: Wait! Why are you so chatty?RAJ: I'm hammered.PENNY: What kind of relationship is it where you buy her gifts and she gives you sex?RAJ: THE BEST ONE I'VE EVER HAD!!!Raj assumes Penny is warning him off of Emily because she still has lingering feelings for him and walks out. ("Well, he is cuter now that I know he's rich.")Raj meets up with Emily and gives her a ruby necklace because you can't put a price on love. ("Although the people at Cartier took a good shot at it.") Emily loves it, but Raj's parents call over videoconference. Penny contacted them, and they weren't happy Raj was spending his money like that. Raj protests that Emily gives her things, too. ("I'm a gynecologist. I know EXACTLY what she gives you.") But they give Raj an ultimatum: marry an Indian girl or be cut off. Raj chooses love and tells Emily his parents cut him off. Yeah, it's going the way you think. Penny has to comfort him. (RAJ: Sometimes I put the TV on mute and pretend she's still with me. But then I read the closed captioning and I start to cry!) To make things worse, Raj thinks Penny hitting on her and tells her to back off. ("If I date an Indian girl, I'll get a Maserati.")On the good side, everybody knows who's paying for dinner now. (PENNY: And don't cheap out on the tip. We all know you're loaded.)
