It's so cute to see Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) arguing about whether or not slow-moving xenon would emit light. Naturally Sheldon thinks he's right. Raj thinks he's so arrogant, if Sheldon was a superhero, he'd be Captain Arrogant. Actually, Sheldon prefers Dr. Arroganto. Sheldon even has a strategy for getting Raj to shut up: call Penny (Kaley Cuoco) over. Howard (Simon Helberg) overturns him on appeal: Sheldon played fair. Of course, since they're at the Cheesecake Factory, Howard would have to run into Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). And he does...and immediately hides under the table.It's night in Howard's bedroom, he has his burgundy silk pajamas on, and it's time for love. (Woman sold separately.) He puts on the music, illuminates the light sabres (remote control, of course), and conjurs up Katee Sackhoff in her full Battlestar Galactica (2004) flight suit. (It's Howard's fantasy; he can do what he wants.)KATEE: (deadpan) Oh ravish me, Howard. My loins ache for you.Howard prepares himself, and suddenly Bernadette is there. Apparently, Howard's fantasy life is projecting her in because he saw her earlier that day. Katee agrees, since based on past experience, Howard would have been done by now. (And if you need that explained, go away. Seriously, stop watching. The show won't miss you.) Howard is getting a little confused, which apparently was the cue for George Takei to join the fantasy, complete with his civilian clothes from Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home (1986)KATEE: Howard, do you have latent homosexual tendencies?HOWARD: No! Of course not!GEORGE: So you say. Yet, here I am!Katee and George leave because Howard really wants to be with Bernadette. That, and Katee wants advice on how not to be typecast. (Easy: don't stink up the joint on 24 (2001).) And now that Howard's mother has put her girdle on in anticipation of her Weight Watchers meeting, the fantasy is officially over.The mystery surrounding why Howard and Bernadette broke up in the first place continues. Howard merely says it was something stupid he did that makes it hard to face her now, but Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thinks that could cover anything between farting in bed and killing a homeless guy. How to find out?LEONARD: Kidnap Bernadette from the opera wearing a creepy mask!HOWARD: See, I don't know whether you're kidding or not.Sheldon's and Raj's argument continues. Raj wants a desk, and Sheldon says there's no money in his budget, since he spent it on a glow-in-the-dark ant farm. (they do some of their best work at night). Howard suggests Raj buy his own desk, and Sheldon can't counter the argument.Penny is visited by Sheldon, complete with his three knock-Penny cadence. Except it was Howard with a recording of Sheldon. Apparently, you give Penny one teddy bear with a webcam, and you're banned for life. Howard asks her to talk to Bernadette to see if she'll agree to meet with Howard. She refuses until Howard tells her why he broke up with Bernadette. Apparently there was a hot troll named Glissinda on World of Warcraft while he was online, and Bernadette wasn't sleeping with him, so... Fully creeped out (but not surprised), she doesn't want to help, so Howard lays some award-winning Jewish guilt on her. She practically shoves the phone in his hand.Leonard relates the entire story about Howard meeting Bernadette for coffee to Sheldon.SHELDON: One question. Why on earth are you telling me all this?LEONARD: I don't know. Sometimes your movements are so lifelike, I forget you're not a real boy.Sheldon heads to his office, where Raj has moved in the mother of all executive desks. It takes up most of the room. But Sheldon said he could buy the "Brobdingnagian monstrosity" (and thank you to Raj for making him repeat it so I could type it correctly). Sheldon wants it out and Raj refuses. Sheldon says it's size is completely impractical for its purpose. (RAJ: Seeing how it's purpose was to piss you off, I'd say it's spot-on.) Sheldon realizes it's the opening salvo of a series of escalating juvenile tit-for-tat exchanges. ("Well titted. Stand by for my upcoming tat!")Bernadette and Howard meet at the Cheesecake Factory, which may not have been a good idea, as Penny was working and used any excuse to eavesdrop. Even nachos. Bernadette was still mad about the "slutty troll," but Howard was going crazy because they weren't having sex. Bernadette thought that was Howard's fault because he never made the move. Which he did not know. Nor did he know that Steve Patterson, the greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management, was Glissinda the Troll. Still, Howard could handle that after seeing Sheldon and Raj fighting with marshmallow and Nerf guns in their office.Howard takes Bernadette on a date and they start to kiss. Katee Sackhoff is in Howard's ear to take it to the next level and make his move, while George Takei is telling him to slow down.GEORGE: A lady wants to be wooed. Courted slowly.KATEE: How would YOU know?GEORGE: (offended) I read!Howard makes the move, and Bernadette stops him. She needs to get to know him again before they sleep together. She tells him to be patient. They'll get there.GEORGE: Told you!Something nasty is coming from Sheldon's and Raj's office. It's Sheldon mixing hydrogen sulfide and ammonia gas. ("A little experiment in pest control.") Raj counters with his cinnamon-apple scented aroma therapy candles. However, hydrogen sulfide and ammonia gas is highly flammable. Somehow, the parakeet survives the explosion. Raj's hair? Eh...
