The boys are stumped. Even Sheldon cannot break through the logistical conundrum that befalls the lot: finding the right movie theatre and restaurant combination to attend this evening. There are many theatres and many restaurants. However, two of them, despite having stadium seating and state-of-the-art digital projections, don't have Icee machines. Another one has Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. Of course, it's Sheldon who needs his crazy delicious. Even Raj's suggestion of sneaking in a Slurpee from 7-Eleven is not sufficient for Sheldon. Not even an "emergency ad-hoc Slurpee/Icee equivalency" will suffice. There is only one option: Leonard, Howard, and Raj go to the movie without Sheldon. Even Sheldon agrees there was no other option.Sheldon returns from downstairs and is opening his door. Penny races in ahead of him, telling Sheldon to shut the door. He dutifully follows her directions. However, she opens the door and tells him to come inside. As it turns out, Penny is hiding from the landlord; she has missed her rent payment, among others. Unfortunately, Penny's hours have been cut at the restaurant, and her car broke down. This wouldn't be the most appropriate time to remind her of the "check engine" light going off in her car, but obviously that would not stop Sheldon from mentioning it."You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money."Fortunately, there's not enough time to strangle Sheldon as he does something completely unprecedented. He opens a trick peanut brittle can (complete with snakes) and pulls out a significant wad of cash."Here. Take some. Pay me back when you can.""That's a lot of money.""That's why it's guarded by snakes."Penny really appreciates the gesture, but she can't take the cash. She's worried Sheldon will need it. However, as Sheldon's expenses require only 46.9% of his post-tax income, he saves the rest. Most was in the jar, a savings account, and "the hollowed-out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection...or HER own protection." Unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse his skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine, he can spare the cash. Penny finally relents and takes some cash. Then some more. Then puts some back. Then takes the rest. Penny doesn't want things to be weird between them, but Sheldon would find it weirder to say hello to Penny every day on the way to work while she's living in a refrigerator box and washing her hair with rainwater.The next day, while Sheldon tells Leonard why he wouldn't mind being a pet to a race of super-intelligent beings (it's the belly scratching), Penny comes in, full of life and vigor. (I'm practicing my sarcasm. What do you think?) Grabbing her mail, Sheldon hands her a box the mailman delivered. It's her new beret, which she quickly explains she paid for more than a month ago and was just on backorder. Funny, but neither Sheldon nor Leonard asked about it. "I ordered it a month ago and it just arrived, now get off my case!" Leonard confirms Sheldon is not crazy, as he is also stumped by Penny's defensive reaction.While settling down for dinner later on, Howard laments that the rising cost of mushu pork makes it tougher for him to be a bad Jew, and Leonard is happy to float Penny her cost of the meal for tonight. She still seems to be a little defensive, though, practically demanding to pay him back. She also snipes at Raj, who wondered (via interpretation from Howard) if he'd be getting his meals for free if he wore skin-tight jeans and a tank top. Everybody is a little stunned, and Raj needs to excuse himself to the bathroom, as getting yelled at apparently is not good for his bladder. Sheldon comes in, and now it's his turn to get jumped on by Penny, and not in a good way."Yes, dinner's here, and I'm having some. I've been having leftovers at the restaurant for four days, and I just wanted something different. So sue me!""Forgive me, Penny, but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit.""Sheldon, I will pay you back. You just have to give me more time.""You seem under pressure. Did I not lend you a sufficient amount? Because I can give you more.""Oh, you would just love that, wouldn't you? Yeah, you would just love to open up your little snake can and throw some money at the girl who couldn't pay her bills."Everybody is shocked as she runs off to her apartment (after coming back and retrieving her fortune cookie). Of course, Sheldon tells the guys that he no longer keeps his money in the snake can. Thankfully, there's a few 50s in Green Lantern's ass.Leonard comes over to find out what's wrong. Penny is enjoying her dinner by candlelit ambiance, courtesy of the electric company. He tries to explain that Sheldon really doesn't care when he gets paid back. It's one of the few idiosyncrasies that doesn't make you want to kill him. However, Penny is really deep in debt. Her plans of waitressing for 6 months then becoming a movie star have gone awry. (So did the backup plan of being a TV star.) Looking at her bills, Leonard suggests getting rid of cable (doesn't do much good without electricity), cutting back on the acting classes (nope, she needs those), but there is one bill that troubles him. Penny gave $1,800 to the L.A. County Superior Court. Since she clearly didn't get a ticket for going 4,000 miles over the speed limit, he inquires. It turns out Kurt, Penny's ex-boyfriend, got arrested for taking a whiz on a cop car. (Fortunately, he was drunk.) She paid all of his tickets and a bench warrant. She's reluctant to go to him and get the money back. She thinks she has to find a cheaper place to live. Leonard suggests getting a roommate."Well, do you know anybody?""Well, I'm sure the guy living with Sheldon wouldn't mind moving in with you.""Oh, Leonard, honey. If we started living together, I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off of you.""R-R-Really?""..........And you thought my acting classes were a waste of money!" (Yeah, like you fell for that)Back in the guys' apartment, the guys are on a quest through the Valley of Fire. So is Howard's mushu pork, but you don't want to know. Leonard comes in and asks the guys to accompany him to Kurt's to get Penny's money back. The guys are SO enthusiastic to help him with it."You play a game to simulate adventure, but when there's real adventure out there in the real world, you guys just wimp out!""Leonard, do you not recall the last time we visited this man, we returned home without pants?"The guys outvote Leonard and decide to continue. Leonard gets mad and invokes JRR Tolkein"When Frodo left the shire to take the One Ring to Mordor, didn't Samwise, Pippen, and Merry go with him?""They had a terrible time, Leonard.""Plus, nobody stole their pants."Somehow, Leonard convinces them to go. Howard's got the entire plan ready: "Koothrappali's gonna wet himself, I'm going to throw up, Sheldon's going to run away, and you're going to die. Shall we synchronize our watches?"Leonard confronts Kurt. Kurt remembers "Lenny," though not Sheldon for some reason, which irks Sheldon. Leonard presses on, saying that Penny's in a bad financial strait, and the money Kurt owes her would go a long way to helping her. Kurt is amused, thinking Penny sent Leonard over, but Leonard mans up and says he's doing this on his own. Kurt slams the door in his face. The guys are satisfied, but Leonard refuses to go, pounding on the door and demanding that Kurt pay up. After all, Leonard has "right" on his side. Kurt does admit he owes Penny. It's as obvious as the writing on Leonard's face. Literally. Leonard has "I owe Penny $1,800---Kurt" written on his forehead in indelible ink. However, the guys are really impressed. Howard even suggest having Leonard's head notarized.Penny comes to see the guys. Fortunately, Leonard has figured out to hide the ink on his forehead...and be a member of Akon's posse. Penny returns the money to Sheldon. She was able to cut back her expenses, pick up a few more hours at the restaurant, and Kurt returned her money. Apparently, he felt guilty and paid her back. Leonard wants to know what led to this "moral epiphany." She doesn't know, but she is convinced Kurt has changed and will meet him for dinner tomorrow night. But Sheldon is further impressed, saying that Leonard should wear that ink as a badge of honor, his "warrior's wound." Minstrels will write songs about Leonard..."There once was a brave lad named Leonard.
With a fi-fi fiddle dee-dee.
He faced a fearsome giant.
While Raj just wanted to pee."
