At the cafeteria, the peach cobbler tastes like it's made of actual pieces of shoemaker...which Sheldon (Jim Parsons) actually found amusing. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) brings by his sister, Priya. She has a one-day layover in Los Angeles on the way to Toronto. Of course, there is a rule about dating the sisters of your friends, and Howard (Simon Helberg) wonders why he got singled out, given that he's dating Bernadette.RAJ: My sister's much hotter than your girlfriend and you know itHOWARD: Let's just agree they're both hot.RAJ: Dude, that's my sister you're talking about!But both Howard and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) had made a pact not to hit on Priya. (no pinkie swear, though) Of course, they forgot the rule about Priya hitting on one of them. She hits on Leonard. Specifically, her lips hit his lips. And he's OK with that. Raj hasn't made plans with her yet, and Priya really isn't up for a Train Day in Los Angeles, complete with stops at hot dog stands at the beginning and end that are situated in old train cars. ("Did you make it clear they are two completely different hot dog stands?") But Priya will be perfectly happy spending time with Leonard...in his bedroom. One tiny problem: Sheldon. OK, that's a big problem. Sheldon found an online emulator that will let you play text-based games on your computer. Because apparently you lose something in the translation by just using a regular computer window. He's obsessed with playing well past his bedtime (of 9PM), but Leonard warns Sheldon he doesn't want to accidentally yawn during his Thermodynamic Fluctuations seminar.SHELDON: Everyone will see my oddly-shaped uvula.LEONARD: And you don't want that, do you.SHELDON: No. But it's a shame our society mocks the differently-uvulated.In the morning, after a lovely night with Priya, Leonard gets a visit from Sheldon. (and yes, with the three knock-Leonard cadence) Sheldon heard a woman laughing, which was Leonard, smells perfume (air freshener), and red marks on his cheek (rash). While Sheldon got Leonard a topical steroid for the "rash" (cream, non-prescription, with a numbing agent because there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis), Leonard tries to sneak Priya out, but they get caught.SHELDON: For shame, Leonard! For shame! And to think I was going to waste the last of my good hemorrhoid cream on you!As Leonard drives Sheldon to work, Leonard begs Sheldon not to say anything, but Sheldon is afraid of betraying a trust...with Howard. Not Raj, Howard. Sheldon remembers the pinkie swear Leonard made with Howard in 2005 at the Bob's Big Boy in Toluca Lake. (He had a patty melt) But Sheldon is upset Leonard betrayed Howard and Raj...and Sheldon, as Leonard violated the guest notification clause of their roommate agreement.LEONARD: Fine, I'm a horrible human being. I'm the Darth Vader of Pasadena.SHELDON: You're far too short to be Darth Vader. At best, you might be a turncoat Ewok.Since Priya's gone, Leonard wants Sheldon to keep a secret, which Sheldon can't do. But Leonard points out Alfred kept Batman's secret. Sheldon comes by later to organize Leonard's iron-clad alibi. Leonard was actually with the "fun loving and morally loose Ms. Maggie McGarry."SHELDON: You met her at Pasadena's favorite Irish watering hole, Lucky Baldwin's. (Wonder how Alec Baldwin will react to that) Where Maggie spends her night tending bar with a head full of curls and a heart full of dreams. Sheldon even has a phone number, an automated message and a lock of Maggie's auburn hair...from an orangutan.Raj grills Leonard on whether he thinks Priya was ever attracted to Howard, and Sheldon starts talking too much. Then they grill Leonard on the new (and last) episode of Caprica (2009), but Leonard doesn't have an answer. Except now he started using Sheldon's alibi at his prompting. Leonard decides the truth is better than the lie and admits to Raj he slept with Priya. Both Howard and Raj go ballistic, while Sheldon chews him out for not sticking with the alibi. Leonard tells him he tried to convince Priya to turn what they had into a relationship...even offering to live in New Delhi...but Priya didn't want it. Raj is OK with it, but Howard staunchly defends himself by saying he never violated Raj's trust.LEONARD: And what about the time you dropped Raj's iPhone into the urinal?SHELDON: Or when you convinced him foreigners give presents to Americans on Thanksgiving?And the confessions begin, as Raj used Sheldon's toothbrush once, Sheldon put crumbled moths into Leonard's food, and Howard has to cancel Raj washing everybody's clothes on the Fourth of July. Leonard points out everybody did things that were wrong, but they were friends. Everybody apologizes, except Sheldon is still livid at Raj. However, a Thomas the Tank Engine (with working smoke) makes it all better. Although Sheldon never really apologized or returned the Snoopy Snowcone maker.
