Things are going well with Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Lucy (Kate Micucci). He spent 20 minutes on videochat just staring into her eyes...until he realized the screen froze. (RAJ: Still one of my top dates of all time.) Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has some advice when it came to handling so many people around: pretend they're characters from Star Trek (1966). Worked for rooming with Leonard (Johnny Galecki), aka the unnamed crewman in a red shirt. Howard (Simon Helberg) has a big surprise for Leonard: Stephen Hawking is sending a team on an expedition to the North Sea to test hydrodynamic simulations of black holes and they need a replacement theoretical physicist, and Howard recommended him for the job. Leonard is ecstatic, but Sheldon thinks it's a bad idea. (SHELDON: You know Star Trek. Should a man with no name and a red shirt really go on an expedition?) Oh, Sheldon is just getting started. He mentions drownings on the way home, and being eaten by sharks. Clearly he doesn't want Leonard to go, but there isn't a thing Sheldon could say to stop him. Until ...SHELDON: Things between you and Penny have never been better. I hope four months apart won't change anything. (that gets Leonard) I should have opened with that, huh.Raj has another date with Lucy and lets her look through his telescope aimed at Venus and showing the International Space Station, even telling her about Howard being up there. And all Raj got was a t-shirt that said "My friend went to the International Space Station and all I got was this lousy t-shirt." Raj wants her to meet his friends, but Lucy isn't having it. Raj thinks it's cool that he has six friends (not friends with Stuart anymore?), but Raj offers instead that she could meet only one.LUCY: Will you be there?RAJ: Sure.LUCY: That's two. Three if you count me. Oh, this is getting out of hand!At least Penny (Kaley Cuoco) got a big tip at work today...thanks to spilling a tray of drinks all over her shirt. Leonard tells her about the opportunity to join Hawking's expedition (Hawking wouldn't be going...the wheelchair would just be sliding all over the place), and Penny is concerned she won't be able to visit Leonard. Leonard is afraid that things have been going so well with them, he doesn't want to screw things up.PENNY: Sweetie, if you're going to screw things up, it's going to be while you're here, not while you're away.He asks her to keep an eye on Sheldon while he was gone and she reminds him of the time she took care of his goldfish.LEONARD: Well, flush Sheldon down the toilet and get me a new one.Everybody decided to throw Leonard a bon voyage party, even though he said it wasn't necessary. (SHELDON: Leonard, you're being selfish. We have to give you a proper send-off so we have closure when you die at sea and crabs eat your face.) Bernadette says the way she got through Howard being in space was getting married right before he left. And now Penny has two people who need to shut up. Raj asks everyone if one person could come meet Lucy. Sheldon claims he doesn't have time to do it, but Raj has already decided on Leonard. Which Howard takes offense to until Raj explains that his big personality and "Woody Allen swagger" would scare Lucy. Penny suggests that Lucy would be more comfortable meeting a girl first...so Raj asked Bernadette (Melissa Rauch).PENNY: (offended) What the hell!?!RAJ: You're very pretty, that could be intimidating to another woman.BERNADETTE: (even more offended) What? You don't think I'm pretty enough to scare your girlfriend?HOWARD: Calm down, Bernie. You're very scary.Amy (Mayim Bialik) suggests herself because she knows what it was like to be the outsider in the group and they took her in and made her feel loved...like she was family. (SHELDON: Fine! I'll do it!)Amy tells Lucy the story of meeting Sheldon, then Leonard, then becoming friends with Penny and Bernadette. Amy even suggests that everybody get together next week, but Raj cuts her off and tells Lucy she doesn't have to do that. (RAJ: Tell her how much you hate being put on the spot. Go ahead, tell her!) Amy tells Raj that she is a neurobiologist and understands social anxiety. (AMY: I think I'm a little more qualified than you to know about what's not working in your girlfriend's brain!) Lucy is getting uncomfortable quickly, and Raj asking her if they really are boyfriend/girlfriend makes it worse.RAJ: Are you my girlfriend? By the way, if you say no, I'll never be happy again. Not to put you on the spot. (Lucy runs for the bathroom.) We might as well eat; she won't be coming back anytime soon.Sheldon and Penny do the shopping for the party, but Sheldon can't find the party section of the store. Penny finds it. They sell alcohol. He grills her about Leonard leaving and her supporting it. She says she is supporting him as her girlfriend. (SHELDON: You say that now, but there is a rich tradition of men at sea finding comfort in each other's arms and britches.) Sheldon doesn't even think the trip was a big deal, even though they could prove where the universe came from, why everything exists, and what its end will be. (SHELDON: I'm interested in the big questions.) Penny finally figures out that he was jealous and tells him that nothing is being taken away from him just because good things are happening to Leonard. She tells the story of how another Cheesecake Factory waitress won a toothpaste commercial over her and she took the high road -- looking her in the eye, smiling, and saying she was happy for her. Penny even demonstrates it for Sheldon. (SHELDON: Wow, no wonder you didn't get that toothpaste commercial.)Raj goes on videochat with Lucy to apologize for pushing too hard. He tries to invite her to Leonard's party, saying the focus will be on Leonard. (RAJ: If you wear something brown and sit on the couch, they won't even know you were there.) Lucy doesn't want to do it, and Raj doesn't want to have to beg...which he is quite good at. She caves and tells him she will be there.At the party, Howard expresses his admiration for Leonard going on this adventure. Leonard admits it's the biggest adventure of his life. (HOWARD: Maybe your lifetime; I went to space.) Meanwhile Sheldon decides to propose a toast, saying he is happy for Leonard, complete with fake smile. (SHELDON: And THAT'S how you get a toothpaste commercial.) Unfortunately, Raj gets a text. Lucy isn't coming, says it's too much for her, and tells him they shouldn't see each other anymore.Penny bids a tearful goodbye to Leonard at the airport...as tearful as she could be with Sheldon badgering her about parking in the red zone...AND, she finally says "I love you" to Leonard!!!! She stops by Raj's apartment to see how he was doing. He isn't doing well. Lucy left him, and he had driven her away. Penny hugs him and says she misses Leonard, so she knows how he feels. He continues on about how he is completely unlovable.PENNY: That's just the booze talking.RAJ: It's not. I haven't had a drink since last night.PENNY: (shocked) You're talking to me.RAJ: I am! (breaks down) And now I'm crying for a whole different reason.PENNY: (starts crying) Me too!!!It's official: Raj doesn't need alcohol to talk to women. However, Penny, Amy, and Bernadette need alcohol to LISTEN to him. He hasn't shut up about his breakup with Lucy, so they're downing the wine like they're on Cougar Town (2009). And Raj keeps talking...through the vanity card...and the end credits...no doubt he'll still be talking when the show returns for its 7th season on September 26th. See you then!
