Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), Amy (Mayim Bialik), and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) discuss bridesmaids dresses for the wedding. Unfortunately, Bernadette's not having much luck, unless traffic cone orange is en vogue. Amy's cousin has some bridesmaids dresses that weren't used...as the wedding party all died of carbon monoxide poisoning. Apparently, Cousin Irene was a big fan of discount dresses...and space heaters.AMY: (shows them) Check it out, still in their plastic. The gowns...not the bridesmaids.BERNADETTE: I don't know, dead people's dresses?PENNY: Yeah, and cap sleeves?Sheldon (Jim Parsons) lodges a formal protest that the dinner conversation had lost some of its intellectual stimulation through no fault of anyone (Penny). So he had a list of topics to bring things back to "normal". At which point the ladies decide to eat at Penny's to look at bridal magazines through no fault of anyone (Sheldon). Even Amy went, as she was a lady, "and with that comes an estrogen-fueled need to page through glossy magazines that make me hate my body."SHELDON: New topic. Women: delightfully mysterious or bat-crap crazy?At the university, Amy joins the boys, having borrowed a culture of prions for her research on bovine spongiform encepholophapy...which she places right on the cafeteria table. (AMY: The real fun is picking the beady little rat who's been eyeing you all week to feed it to.) Howard (Simon Helberg) begs someone to change the topic, and it appears Sheldon has alphabetized a whole list of topics from "Artichoke--it's just a giant thistle, people" to "ZZZ--the onamato-poetry of sleep."LEONARD: Amy, how long would it take for that mad cow disease to kill me?AMY: About four or five years.LEONARD: Nah, that's not gonna do it.Howard gets some pictures of Penny in a bridesmaid's dresses and asking for an opinion on them. Which means Bernadette and Penny are shopping for bridesmaids' dresses without Amy. Uh-oh.BTW, did you know you can ride horses with the Kinect on X-Box? Leonard (Johnny Galecki) knows this, and now we know how he gets his exercise. It's Sheldon's turn, but Amy can't be reached. Texting, videoconferencing, and tweeting don't work. (LEONARD: Try the phone.) Sheldon didn't think of that, but Amy's number goes straight to voicemail. Leonard offers to drive Sheldon over to her apartment. She's there, playing "Everybody Hurts" by REM on her harp. (Yes, she's crying.) Sheldon doesn't want to go in there, but Leonard gives Amy the three-knock cadence Sheldon gives and takes off. ("I'm single, I don't need this crap.") Sheldon asks her begrudgingly what is wrong (well, after trying to figure out if he should offer her a hot beverage or she should offer him one since it's her apartment). Amy is upset Penny and Bernadette went dress shopping without her. She asks Sheldon to do something and keep an open mind: she's craving human intimacy and physical contact. ("Oh, boy.") Let the negotiating begin.AMY: One wild night of torrid lovemaking that soothes my soul and inflames my loins.SHELDON: Counterproposal. I will gently stroke your head and keep repeating "awww, who's a good Amy?"AMY: French kissing, seven minutes in heaven, culminating in second base.SHELDON: Neck massage...then you get me that beverage.AMY: We cuddle. Final offer.And cuddle it is. Yes, it's as awkward as you think. (both arms around, Sheldon. No cheating.)AMY: (lying on top of Sheldon's chest) I'm just saying, second base is right there.Sheldon acquiesced, but the next day he took it out on Howard and Leonard for Penny and Bernadette going shopping without her. ("You get your women in line!") Sheldon had to miss solving the space-time geometry in higher-spin gravity and building his Lego Death Star. ("I am a man of science, not someone's snuggle bunny!") Leonard wonders why he has to talk to Penny, but Sheldon points out he invited Penny to lunch four years ago, so everything since is Leonard's fault. The guys (minus Sheldon) talk to Penny and Bernadette over dinner about them shopping without Amy. The ladies felt bad, but Amy was overdoing being a bridesmaid for the first time by telling them stories about bridesmaids in other cultures.BERNADETTE: They're all about getting naked and washing each other.PENNY: And she keeps seeing if our cycles have all synced up so we can call ourselves "The Three Menstra-teers."They promise to talk to her. Although they may have picked a better time than Amy slicing through a human brain to look for a tumor, which she was happy to find. They apologize, but Amy understands why, as she had been shunned by girls before. ("Elementary school, junior high, high school...undergrad, grad school, and that semester abroad in Norway all over again.") Bernadette tries to assure Amy they should be together, but Amy takes the brain she's cutting and demonstrates Bernadette is the analytical left side and Penny is the creative right side. And Amy is the sad little tumor no one wants to go dress shopping with. Bernadette tells her she's not a tumor. And Penny will agree right after she's done throwing up.Back at home, Sheldon is halfway done with his Lego Death Star. (or completely done if he was going for the  look) Amy calls, who is half in the bag at a liquor store parking lot.SHELDON: Leonard, be glad you can't keep a woman, because they're a handful.They find Amy drinking a bottle of wine. She's in the parking lot because that's where all the cool kids hung out in high school. Leonard wants to get her to the car, but Amy wants Sheldon to get a bottle of hooch, take her to the motel across the street and have his way with her. Leonard finally pulls a drunk Amy up. (AMY: Woo! Someone finally got to second base.)Penny and Bernadette visit a hungover Amy the next day and ask for a second chance. Amy doesn't want to until Bernadette asks Amy to be her maid of honor at the wedding. She is ecstatic, to say the least.AMY: What are we going to do for the bachelorette party? Oh, I know! We can find a Native American sweat lodge, we'll take peyote, we'll roll around in the mud, and paint fertility symbols on Bernadette's naked body!PENNY: Yeah, well Vegas is fun, too.Then, Amy decided to record everything, including them trying on dresses. Bernadette was having a few second thoughts. Amy did say she looked beautiful in her wedding dress. ("Not Penny beautiful, but beautiful.") And that might explain why Amy went into Penny's dressing room with the camera while she was changing. And didn't exactly leave quickly.
