Here's a little quiz that Leonard (Johnny Galecki),Sheldon (Jim Parsons), Howard (Simon Helberg), and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) contemplate: who is the bravest person in the comic book universe?RAJ: Whoever has to give She-Hulk a bikini wax.HOWARD: How about Captain America's undocumented Mexican gardener?LEONARD: He's not braver than whoever uses the bathroom after The Thing.Of course, Sheldon thinks they're all wrong.SHELDON: The bravest man in the Marvel Universe is the doctor who gives Wolverine his prostate exam.HOWARD: How about the guy who GETS a prostate exam from Wolverine?SHELDON: Now you're just being silly.Their pizza is downstairs, and Sheldon browbeats the delivery guy about coming up the stairs. And while the delivery guy is spitting on their pizza, Leonard goes to get Penny (Kaley Cuoco)...only to be introduced to the man with her. But he was looking forward to meeting Leonard, as he is Penny's father (Keith Carradine). Penny introduces Leonard and tells him she'll catch up with him later. She tells him goodbye...and lays one sizzling kiss on him. (Sizzling for a comic book nerd, anyway. All things in context.)Raj and Howard are preparing to monitor the telescope at work for twelve hours, but Sheldon points out he only has 7 hours' worth of comic books. But Raj and Howard will also pass the time with Indian Monopoly and Intergalactic Battleship. Sheldon only prefers the classic styles of Monopoly: regular and Klingon. Leonard returns without the pizza and tells the guys about Penny kissing him. They have no conclusions, other than she went for his cheek and got his lips instead (happens with Howard and his mother all the time), or think that wasn't her father and the kiss was a cry for help, or Penny's simply cuckoo for Coco Puffs. Penny takes him back into the hall and explains she told her father they got back together because he was so upset when they broke up in the first place. Apparently, Leonard was the first guy Penny dated with a college degree...or a real job...or without a neck tattoo...or with no outstanding warrants...or without a baby...or never tipped a cow over on himself. Leonard is a bit offended by the situation, especially when Penny refuses to make it look like she was wrong in the fake reconciliation.LEONARD: Do you REALLY want me to deceive your father with some sham playacting and kissing...because I'm good with that.Leonard makes it even worse when he overdoes the kissing in front of her father and takes him up on his invitation to dinner with Penny. Penny's embarrassed, but her father isn't. ("I've seen you do a lot worse with a lot stupider.")At the university, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) joins Howard and Raj, which was good, as Howard couldn't locate Raj's Romulan Space Bagel in Battleship. She brought a bottle of wine so Raj could talk freely with her and bond, like he did with Howard's mother. Which went along much more swimmingly after she stopped calling Raj Slumdog Millionaire. However, Bernadette was about 95% sure she washed her hands after dealing with penicillin-resistant gonorrhea strains earlier in the day. And Raj hops on the wagon for the night.Wyatt, Penny's father, who changed his name from Bob at some point, is glad Penny and Leonard are back together, as the guy who wanted to make biofuel from pig waste and water didn't pan out so well, nor did the guy who tried to make beer pong an Olympic event. Leonard is high as a kite on pride as they make it back to the apartment. This time, Penny manages to keep Leonard from coming into her place, but she can't avoid his "I love you" in front of her father, so she has no choice but to say it back. And has to kiss him again...in full view of Sheldon.SHELDON: Oh, friggity-frak. Not this again.As Raj decides to throw caution to the wind and drink the wine, resulting in a lovely bonding session with Bernadette...at Howard's expense (great imitations of Howard's mother, btw), Penny comes to read Leonard the riot act about what he did. She had to listen to her father gush over him for hours, and she wants to know why he's doing all of this. He offered to go tell her father the truth and end it, but Penny didn't think that wasn't a good idea. And as much as she didn't want to see Sheldon's amendments to the roommate agreement over fines for her annoying personal habits (they took up an entire page), Leonard cautions her telling Sheldon the truth would force him to be part of the lie, and we all know how that goes. So now two people are convinced Leonard and Penny are together.Raj was feeling no pain...actually, he was feeling plenty of pain. He was all depressed about not having kissed a girl in a year. Since Bernadette caused this by opening the second bottle of wine, she figured she had to take one for the team. She tells Raj he's a very cute guy and plenty of girls would want to kiss him. Drunk Raj thinks Bernadette's one of them and goes in. Howard tries to block him...and what we've all suspected from Day 1 is true! OK, not really, but Howard and Raj do finally kiss.Leonard and Wyatt are enjoying some fishing (Wii variety, natch), and Penny gives him a call. She tells him the truth. The fish aren't the only things that are biting now. Wyatt is livid with Penny for not respecting him enough to be honest with him. He supported her decisions, even when she did things that were, to use his phrase, bull squirt. Such as the baggie in her drawer was NOT potpourri, nor the pee stick in her bathroom was to check for diabetes. She apologizes, and Wyatt turns his full wrath on Leonard. If begging Leonard to take Penny back could be considered his full wrath. Wyatt's tired of the skateboarders, white rappers, and the guys who wear their hats backwards (like he was). Wyatt tells him to lie, cheat, do whatever it takes.WYATT: I want grandkids before I die, and I want them to grow up in a house without wheels.Wyatt starts yelling at Leonard loud enough for Penny to hear it in the bathroom to attempt a bit of reverse psychology. Sheldon tells him he was up all night altering the Penny-specific sections of the roommate agreement, and Leonard tells him they broke up again. Sheldon was...not happy. But neither were Raj and Howard. Leonard was curious if Raj let Howard play with his big telescope.
