Did you know they invented a device that can convert your footsteps into energy, thus allowing you to charge your mobile phone by walking? Apparently the guys did because they came up with the idea in 2007. So why didn't they invent it?SHELDON: You thought of it September 22, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals your brain was a ghost town.Leonard (Johnny Galecki) called BS, but Sheldon (Jim Parsons) claimed that was around the time he made his annual poem dedicated to the passing of Dr. Seuss. (Yes, the poem is as bad as it sounds.) Sheldon demanded to know what Leonard's greatest accomplishments were since meeting Penny.RAJ: Easy, sleeping with Penny.HOWARD: Getting Penny to go out with him again after she dumped him.RAJ: Tricking Penny into getting engaged.HOWARD: And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up!But Sheldon did have to concede even had been distracted since the ladies arrived. As proof, he showed the guys a text of Amy telling him to have a good day. (SHELDON: Who has time for this constant sexting?)Leonard and Howard (Simon Helberg) did admit they weren't as focused as they used to be, and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) suggested a science retreat. Not in a cabin in the woods. (SHELDON: Did you see the movie The Cabin in the Woods (2011)?) Not at a hotel. (SHELDON: Did you see The Shining (1980)?) And not at a house by the lake. (SHELDON: Did you see The Lake House (2006)?)Leonard ran the idea by Penny (Kaley Cuoco), Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), and Amy (Mayim Bialik)...who all ran to plan a Las Vegas weekend away from the guys. So Leonard figured they were OK with it. The guys got themselves ready; even Raj arrived. Since Raj had an actual girlfriend now, Howard figured he needed to lower some food to her down in the pit. It was time to put the thinking caps on, and Raj thinks it's like the Facebook movie. (RAJ: And I swear I'm not saying that just becuase Justin Timberlake is in it.) Suddenly the interest was away from innovation and towards The Social Network (2010). But Leonard got them back on-task. Howard remembered they kept a journal of all the possible ideas they've had over the years. Given most were from Howard, they involved either a robotic girlfriend or a robotic hooker. (HOWARD: There are some things you just don't do with your robot girlfriend.) The journal didn't work, but Sheldon thought they should concentrate on sci-fi. After all, the geosynchronous satellite was inspired by Arthur C. Clarke, the famous Motorola flip phones were inspired by Star Trek (1966), and the idea of a black president clearly came from the movie Deep Impact (1998). (Sorry, David Palmer) Raj then realized the future in Back to the Future Part II (1989) was only a year away, and how cool would it be to invent Marty's hoverboard from that movie? Screw that, they decided to watch the movie instead.In Vegas, Amy is really interested in the cover band playing in the hotel lounge: Fairly Manilow. Immediately rejected by Penny and Bernadette. Penny wanted to get a bucket of margaritas, go dancing, get sick on a roulette wheel and watch it go everywhere. (PENNY: That's why they give you the bucket.) Unfortunately, Penny got a text from her new boss. Her field write-up was now due on Monday instead of a week from Monday, so she had to get some work done. She told Amy and Bernadette to go have fun and she would catch up with them. Oh, and Penny staying behind did not mean Fairly Manilow was back on the table.Back at the apartment, the guys were ready to come up with ideas on how to power the hoverboard. After they figure out the flaws with the timeline in Back to the Future Part II (1989). Howard didn't understand how Biff could have stolen the sports almanac in 2015, give it to his younger self in 1955, and yet go back to the exact same spot in 2015. Wasn't history changed? But apparently, this wasn't Hot Tub Time Machine (2010); they did their research. Young Biff didn't place his first bet until 1958, the day he turned 21, which meant old Biff had a three-year window to get back.SHELDON: Wait, whoah whoah. Is 'placed' right? Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something in the future?LEONARD: (confused) HAD will have placed?SHELDON: (happy) That's my boy.Leonard shows that the alteration of the timeline wouldn't have happened yet. (or had would have happened or...) Anyway, Sheldon disagrees, saying since the time when Marty and Doc took the time machine to 2015 DID occur after young Biff placed his first bet, then that timeline would not have existed. Or had not had existed...OH WATCH THE DAMN EPISODE YOURSELF!!!!! (j/k)RAJ: He's right. Also, what kind of a name is Biff? Sounds like the sound a can of Pillsbury dough makes when you open it.Which makes Howard think of wieners rolled in Pillsbury dough. Which makes Sheldon think of the etymology of the word wiener, named for the capital of Austria. Which prompts Raj to show them a map of Austria to show how it looks like a wiener. Yeah, the focus is definitely lost.In the hotel bar, Bernadette and Amy were feeling no pain drinking margaritas bigger than their heads. Although they were proud of Penny for being so responsible with her new career, Amy would rather talk about how good they look.AMY: I mean, look at you! Your body's banging!BERNADETTE: Amy!AMY: Come on, don't Amy me! We're always talking about how hot Penny is. Scientist to scientist, just how big are those Hadron Colliders?Fortunately, the guys came up with a way to eliminate distractions: work in Leonard's lab. It seemed to be working, as Sheldon needed to look up some information about quantum coupling for their hoverboard idea.HOWARD: I can't argue with him. It's right there on the screen. Austria really does look like a wiener.And before they decide to see just how hung Florida is, Leonard begs them to get back to work. Sheldon agreed, even suggesting to use operant conditioning, which was even used to teach pigeons how to play ping-pong. (Yup, they watched pigeons playing ping-pong on YouTube. Yup, it exists, although the ball never bounced.)Bernadette and Amy return to the room 3³ sheets to the wind. (AMY: We had someone complain about pooping on a party in there!) Bernadette even showed the $100 chip she won playing craps.PENNY: That's a dollar.BERNADETTE: Then guess who wildly over-tipped a cocktail waitress!AMY: Come on, Penny. We found this place with Australian male strippers.BERNADETTE: We want to see if they twirl their junk in the other direction!Penny was tempted, but she still had studying to do. Amy couldn't believe how nerdy Penny was being. But Penny told them to go have fun and find a policeman if they get in trouble. (PENNY: And if he's taking his pants off, he is NOT a policeman.) But Amy had the solution: they could help Penny finish. Amy borrowed Penny's laptop...and ran away with it. Right into the walk-in closet.To stay on task, the guys decided to use negative reinforcement. They placed strips of duct tape on their arms. Except Sheldon asked how would they know if someone went off-topic. Leonard said they would vote if it wasn't obvious...and ripped a strip off of Sheldon. Leonard goes back to talking about quantum coupling, and Sheldon rips a piece off of him because saying "quantum coupling" reminded him of Quantum Leap (1989) and he was distracted. Howard voted that wasn't a tangent and Leonard took a second one off of Sheldon, who proceeded to take one from Howard, who proceeded to take one from Raj for laughing at him. Leonard admitted negative reinforcement wasn't working. Although technically, what they were doing was positive punishment, as negative reinforcement was the removal a positive stimulus. A mistake Bill Murray made at the beginning of Ghostbusters (1984). (Yes, they looked it up online. And technically since the first scene in Ghostbusters was the librarian finding the ghost, Sheldon was also wrong calling Bill Murray's mistake the first scene.) But the guys did have to admit that movie never got old.In Vegas, Penny was up early and ready to hit the pool (and gave a little F.U. to the haters out there in her pink bikini). Amy and Bernadette both had quantum-level hangovers, but Penny decided to go to the pool on her own...and leave the sun streaming in through the big window. And no, neither Amy nor Bernadette had the ability to shut it.
