Is GIF (the graphic) pronounced with a soft G or a hard G? While Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) contemplated the answer in their own inimitable confrontational style, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) came in at full boil. There was a symposium being conducted at Richard Feynman's house and he wasn't invited. The fact that other scientists think he's a pain in the ass didn't even factor into it.LEONARD: You can spend the rest of the day being bitter about this...SHELDON: AgreedLEONARD: I was about to say "Or..." but you know...Raj visited Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). Transferring the title to his mother's house was quite easy. His father didn't even show up. However, someone else did. Sam Wolowitz's son. And I don't mean Howard. The appearance of his half-brother, Josh, made him freak out more than the plans Bernadette had for remodeling the house (Raj's suggestion of an indoor firepit aside).Penny (Kaley Cuoco) got quite an honor: she was going to be on Wil Wheaton's podcast. Apparently, Serial Apeist 2 had developed quite a cult following. Penny was shocked...and even more shocked that thousands of people downloaded Wil's podcasts.WIL: Right in the ears, straight to the feelings.Meanwhile Sheldon was in full moping mode about not being invited to Richard Feynman's house, which was ruining Date Night for Amy (Mayim Bialik) and him, which was in violation of the Relationship Agreement. But somehow Sheldon had a workaround: a picture of him with a big smile on his face that he held up in front of his sad face.Penny discussed the movie with Wil, admitting she first lost faith in the movie when she saw the title. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) handed Wil a note, asking if he wanted another drink, trying not to be obtrusive. However, Wil asked him to put on some headphones and join the conversation. Wil also talked about seeing a woman at a convention dressed as the Serial Apeist, and another caller said she saw the movie 10 times. (PENNY: OK, I apologize for the first one, but the other nine are on you.) But then, the big surprise. Wil had  on the line. Penny again apologized for the movie being so bad.WIL WHEATON: Oh, don't worry about it. Have you seen some of Kevin's films?KEVIN SMITH: You're cruisin' for a beatin', Wheaton!Actually, Kevin loved her so much in the film, he asked her to read for Clerks III (clearly Kevin is expanding his directing horizons). Penny was excited...until Leonard reminded her she already had a job. Penny thought she could do both, and Leonard disagreed.PENNY: (pissed) I don't think I asked you!KEVIN SMITH: You tell 'em, Penny!LEONARD: (over the air) Stay out of this, Kevin Smith!Sheldon and Amy continued their discussion. Amy was actually getting quite sympathetic to Sheldon being shunned, as she had experienced it quite a lot herself.AMY: There was a lice epidemic at school, and everybody got it but me. I tried to sprinkle sugar in my hair to fit in, but I only got attacked by bees.Sheldon figured they were discussing Schrodinger...or not discussing Schrodinger. It reminded him of his brother and sister building forts in the living room and not letting him in. Amy suggested they build a fort in the living room. A very nice one, with a physics lending library and a Sheldon Spot.SHELDON: Isn't that a little immature?AMY: More immature than this? (holds the Sheldon smiley face up)Raj decided to grill Josh on why he was there. He was an oceanography student living in San Diego, although Raj thought he was coming to take Howard away to be Ringo in a Beatles cover band. Raj talked to Howard, who couldn't handle having a half-brother, so they were ready to show him the street. Then Josh geeked out about Howard being an astronaut. Suddenly Josh was a great guest. But when Howard broke out the magic, Josh thought it was time to go. (Bernadette certainly noticed.)Wil Wheaton wasn't exactly trying to end the fight...sorry, conversation...between Leonard and Penny regarding auditioning for Clerks III. Leonard wondered what would happen if she did get the role. She thought she could get rich, maybe win an Oscar.LEONARD: From a Kevin Smith movie?KEVIN SMITH: (still on the line) Oh, I'm hanging up now!Leonard said he was trying to protect her from crashing and burning like she had before in her career and that she had a job now where she was making decent money. Twice as much as him, apparently. That was a bit of a shock to Leonard, who spent have of his life in school and is still paying off a boatload of student loans. He didn't even have a guy to help him invest like Penny had.WIL WHEATON: For those of you listening at home, how great is this!Penny said their roles had reversed a bit but that didn't change how she felt about him and that the roles could change again. (LEONARD: Great, not only do you have more money than me, now you're more mature!) Penny offered to do something dumb to make Leonard feel better, which he thought it would. Yup, she was going on the audition.Sheldon and Amy were enjoying the fort, even roughing it by sitting on the floor and having a Best Fort Final Four. 10PM came around and Date Night was over. But Sheldon was having so much fun, he wanted to suspend the Agreement rules and have Amy stay over longer. She took it one step further and suggested she sleep over. And Sheldon agreed...to a family-friendly G-rated sleepover. Sheldon wondered if she needed pajamas or a toothbrush, but Amy had a kit prepared under the couch.SHELDON: How did you know we'd be in here?AMY: Who said this is the only one I hid?Leonard was even nice enough to ask Sheldon if he could enter the fort just so he could reject him. But the fort was too nice to not let Leonard in. Except on Sheldon's spot.
