The episode opens to the group having dinner in Leonard and Penny's apartment. Howard is inhaling his dinner. Bernadette tells him to slow down and he says he can't because he only has 2 minutes until the 12-hour fast prior to his vasectomy. Raj is also stuffing his face with food, which he claims is stress eating on account of Howard getting a vasectomy the next day. Sheldon, meanwhile, notices on his phone that professor proton episodes are going to be made again. They start discussing who would be a good replacement for Arthur Jeffries. Raj wants Meryl Streep, Amy wants a woman. Sheldon thinks he's be the best for the job.Cut to the next day where Howard, Bernadette, and Raj are in the waiting room waiting for Howard's vasectomy appointment. Howard freaks out a bit but ends up going back for the procedure when the nurse calls his name.During this time, Amy is recording Sheldon's audition tape to become the next professor proton. In the tape, he tells the audience of children that they can calculate the mass of an electron using "household items": pencil, paper, dry ice, rubbing alcohol, and a spool of 50 micron cobalt wire, which you should keep out of your mouth so you don't become radioactive. Amy suggests he could do a less dangerous experiment. He disagrees.Howard is done with his vasectomy and is limping into his bed. Halley starts crying so Bernadette goes to check on her. Raj tells Howard he needs to check the area for redness and swelling. Howard agrees to it because it hurts so much.Sheldon has no switched to a using a complex demonstration of using h relativisticly and tells the kids bye in binary. Amy and Sheldon show the video to Leonard and Penny. Amy tries to get them to tell Sheldon the criticisms that she has of the show but feels like she can't tell him herself - that it's dangerous, confusing, 3 to 4 times too long, and borderline psychotic. Leonard and Penny are initially thrown for a loop about what to say. Leonard eventually says it's be better if Sheldon's contempt for children isn't so much in the foreground. Sheldon says he can't lie and Penny says it isn't lying, it's acting. Sheldon agrees and says he should be coached by someone with professional acting experience. Penny thinks he's referring to her. He's actually referring to Patrick Stewart, but settles for Wil Wheaton.Howard is in bed and uses a handbell iPhone app to call Bernadette into the room because he wants her to keep him company. She can't because she's going to her 16-week check up for baby #2.As Leonard, Amy, and Penny are walking up the stairs, Leonard checks his phone and sees that they cast Wil Wheaton as the new professor proton. Sheldon is enraged, shouting Wheaton' so loudly in his apartment that they can hear him in the stairwell. The three turn around and head back down the stairs to avoid Sheldon.Bernadette comes home from her appointment. Howard emerges from their bathroom to find her in bed. Her doctor said she was overdoing it and ordered her to bed rest.Sheldon visits with Arthur Jeffries, who is the original professor proton, in a dream. Sheldon wants Arthur to join forces with him to protect the legacy of professor proton. Arthur doesn't care.Penny comes to check on Howard and Bernadette. Raj isn't there to help so Penny agrees to stay the rest of the day to take care of Halley. Howard and Bernadette aren't to sure it's a good idea but they need help and so they agree to having Penny give them a hand.In the Cal Tech cafeteria, Sheldon tries to get Leonard and Raj to help him get Wil fired by calling the company to complain to them about Wil being the new professor proton. Leonard and Raj decline to help.Howard and Bernadette are in bed enjoying the quiet when they start to worry that it's too quiet. They call Penny in to see if everything is okay. She says she quieted Halley down by dipping her pacifier in bourbon. When they ask if she's joking she says yes, she doesn't share her bourbon. Howard and Bernadette aren't quite sure what to think.Sheldon goes to visit Wil to ask him to turn down the role of professor proton because he isn't a scientist and the show shouldn't have been rebooted. Wil disagrees and promises to do his best. Sheldon still wants him to bow out or they will return to being enemies. Wil refuses to back down.Howard and Bernadette ask Amy to come over to check on Penny. She seems to be on her game. Howard and Bernadette then ring the handbell app to get Penny to come to their room. They ask her to bring them a snack. She very grumpily asks why they don't just ask their spy (i.e., Amy) to do it. Halley starts crying. Penny excuses herself to take care of the baby and will return with a snack for them. Howard doesn't want to eat whatever she brings them. They hear Penny talking to Halley on the baby monitor, expressing her displeasure over the fact that Howard and Bernadette don't trust her. Penny tells Haley how much she loves her and then you hear "mama" over the baby monitor. Bernadett's eyes get big, Howard and Bernadette look surprised over hearing Halley's first word. Penny tells Haley that she isn't her mama, but that she's going to take her to her mama so that Penny can rub in Bernadette's face that Halley called her mama. Penny continues to taunt Howard and Bernadette over the monitor.Sheldon dreams again that he's meeting with Arthur. He tells Arthur that he wasn't able to convince Wil to step down from his role as the new professor proton. He also tells Arthur that because of his refusal to step down, he's now back on Sheldon's enemy list. Arthur asks how one can be added to the list.
