Sheldon (Jim Parsons) needed to test out his new noise-canceling headphones. Sure enough, he put them on and didn't hear the water filter pitcher hadn't been changed in two years, that Bernadette's nickname for him is 'the virgin pina colada', his autograph from George Lucas was really Leonard's doing, and Penny once used his toothbrush. Anyway, Sheldon needed to drown out all ambient noise because he was trying to come up with a theory of dark matter where protons didn't decay. So far, no luck. And a night with the noise-canceling headphones were no help, either. Not even to notice Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) coming back from their date hours later.PENNY: I love him, but if he's broken let's not get a new one.Sheldon didn't even bother with work, figuring he'd act like a spoiled baby all day for not making any progress the night before with dark matter. Actually, Leonard suggested that, but Sheldon didn't disagree. He tried getting some fresh air...by going out into the hall. He burst into Penny's apartment...yes, knocking like he does even though it sounded like Penny was being assaulted. Penny also correctly guessed he wasn't going into work because he'd act like a spoiled baby all day for not making any progress the night before with dark matter. But on the good side, it was what Penny was doing that gave Sheldon an idea. Penny was doing a yoga exercise she didn't like, figuring the harder she worked at it, the better in shape she'd become. That led Sheldon to do a little research and came up with an idea based on the studies (and Leonard needed to know she was trying much harder to stay attractive in their relationship than he was). According to Yerkes and Dodson, to maximize intellectual performance, you had to create a state of productive anxiety rather than making oneself comfortable. Sheldon asked Leonard, Howard, and Raj if they could keep him on his toes.SHELDON: Essentially, go out of your way to make my life miserable.HOWARD: What's in it for us? OK, we'll do it!Certainly Howard (Simon Helberg) was good at raising Raj's (Kunal Nayyar) stress levels. He had invented a new game called Emily or Cinnamon? Basically, the idea was to guess if something Raj said was directed at Emily or Cinnamon. "I want you to know the bed feels so lonely when you're not in it"? That was Cinnamon. (RAJ: Go ahead, you can't embarrass me. I have a girlfriend and a dog who loves me so much she drinks my bathwater.) Getting matching sweaters? That was easy since everyone got the Christmas card: Cinnamon.RAJ: (not so happy) You know, a man can care deeply about a woman and a pet. It's not strange.LEONARD: Ooh, Emily! I heard him say that to Emily!Sheldon went over to Amy's (Mayim Bialik) lab to work on his stress levels. He wore a cap with electrodes attached to it while working on a maze puzzle. They established his baseline and then he went to do the next maze. Only Amy started rubbing her fingers against a balloon. Technically, it did stress Sheldon out. He popped the balloon after only a few seconds. Although in the interest of full disclosure, he was aiming to stab her in the heart with the pencil. This was Amy's only idea, as Sheldon ruled out tickling him, polka music, or watching her eat a banana.SHELDON: Who eats them horizontally?!?AMY: My mother said that's how good girls do it.Sheldon thought it was a waste of time, but Amy thought he could do it. And if he only ever did solid research instead of ground-breaking discoveries, that would be OK. Which is wasn't for Sheldon, and that got his anxiety levels up. Then they went down when he became happy his anxiety levels went up.Admittedly, there were a few toughies to Emily or Cinnamon?. After all "you are so lucky; you have the shiniest hair" could have been either one since Raj brushed both Cinnamon's and Emily's hair (not at the same time). Sheldon came in, and at his request, the guys went into a spirited run of disagreeing with anything Sheldon said to keep his mind focused (it'd take too long to do the conversation, but it was funny).Penny, Amy, and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were enjoying some wine, and Penny was trying for top sales at her company for the quarter because it meant 2 weeks in Hawaii. Which sounds romantic until you realize Leonard would be bringing his metal detector with him. Amy loved that the telescopes at the Keck Observatory had better resolution than the Hubble telescope. So, while Bernadette packed for her free trip to Hawaii, Sheldon came in and requested they help him increase his anxiety levels by letting him listen in "on an evening of tasteless uncensorced crotch talk." Sheldon figured when the ladies were alone they'd engage in conversations they may not be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex, like who has the best cervix, what sanitary napkin is all the rage, and how they like to grab men's asses.BERNADETTE: We're talking about Penny's job.SHELDON: ...and how difficult it is to do when she's bloated, cranky, and crampy? Continue.Penny told him they talk about the same things the guys talk about. (SHELDON: You talk about if werewolves can swim?) And apparently this is the case, as Amy thought canines knew how to instinctively swim so werewolves should, while Bernadette agreed with Sheldon, saying werewolves were not 100% canine.SHELDON: This is fun! We should do this again some time when you're all not PMSing.BTW, the game of Emily or Cinnamon? was catching on. 'It's just so perfect that we're both Libras.' was a mind-bender, but Penny correctly guessed that was Cinnamon.Unfortunately, Sheldon had taken a turn towards the dark side. Literally. He filled the apartment with the sounds of Darth Vader, The Joker, and Godzilla to freak him into doing better work. Not sure if it was working, but it certainly ticked Leonard off, who was trying to sleep. Maybe not as much as Sheldon trying his first Red Bull earlier that day and puking in Leonard's car, but I'm sure the squirrel Sheldon chased wasn't happy. Oh, did I mention Sheldon was still wearing the same electrode cap Amy gave him earlier? The smell was stressing him out, so he thought that would help. But Amy was at her wit's end. Sheldon wasn't even paying attention to her on their date night, but Sheldon wouldn't be dissuaded, as he said he had done more work in the last few days than since he started on dark matter. Amy demanded he take the cap off, but Sheldon wanted her to keep up with that nagging tone of hers...maybe about 10% less shrill. Sheldon didn't need to drive himself crazy to do his best work.SHELDON: Are you sure? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo.AMY: That's not true!SHELDON: Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. I've been hallucinating lately.Amy argued Sheldon's ideas came from him, not his anxiety, and Sheldon sort of saw the point...but he wouldn't take the cap off. Amy threw him out, and Sheldon told the entire story to the armadillo next to him on the bus.Penny and Leonard finally got Sheldon into bed and demanded he go to sleep. Sheldon thought there was nothing they could do to make him sleep...PENNY: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur... (out like a light)LEONARD: (whispering) You know, he can be a lot of trouble. But when I see him here lying like this I think...how easy it would be to hold a pillow over his face.Raj finally had had enough of Emily or Cinnamon?, so he brought Emily to work with him. The guys felt a bit ashamed for teasing him.EMILY: Well, you guys may think it's funny that Raj is sweet and sensitive but I think it's sexy. (kisses him) Ugh, why is there dog hair in your mouth?
