Leonard comes home...and promptly passes out on the couch. The reason wasn't a good night on the town, however. It was the fact that he's working nights using the free-electron laser to conduct his X-ray diffraction experiment. This goes right by Sheldon, who insists that Leonard drive him not only to work, but also to Pottery Barn to return some Star Wars bed sheets. (Apparently, Darth Vader stares at him) Leonard suggests the bus, but Sheldon is not allowed on the bus due to the fact that he tried to use bungee cords as a seatbelt. Sheldon then decides to knock on Penny's door. Of course, she's sleeping in on her day off, but that doesn't stop Sheldon from asking her for a ride. She tries the same suggestion as Leonard, the bus, but Sheldon still won't do it. Sheldon notes that Penny has stated they are friends; therefore, he invokes a tradition that follows with friendship: the favor.While Penny tries to remain awake while driving Sheldon, he is not making himself to be the perfect passenger. Firstly, he bothers her about the "check engine" light on her car. Even though it's been on for a month, he is afraid that something might be wrong with the engine. Fortunately, he is distracted by the fact that Penny is drinking coffee while driving, which he of course must tell Penny about."Studies have shown that performing tasks, such as eating, talking on a cell phone, or drinking coffee while driving reduce reaction times by the same factor as one ounce of alcohol.""Do you have any alcohol?"Next, Sheldon questions Penny's choice of Euclid Avenue since the speed bumps on it make it a slower route. That is, assuming you slow down for the speed bumps, which Penny actually doesn't. Given Penny's desire to get him to work quickly, Sheldon's facts about the most popular street name in America and the "Chemical Element" game don't go over well. After one more speed bump, Sheldon is getting troubled by Penny's nonchalance towards the check engine light. After one more utterance by Sheldon, Penny decides she's had enough and throws him out.At work, Sheldon finds Leonard and asks for a ride. However, Leonard is just getting to work and can't take him home. Howard is enjoying the conversation until Sheldon decides that Howard will take him home. Howard takes him home on his scooter. It would appear that riding a scooter is a first for Sheldon, judging by the girl-like screaming emanating from him. Sheldon's last chance is with Raj. Raj seems OK with driving Sheldon home...until Sheldon insists they go to the Pottery Barn, Radio Shack, Soup Plantation, and the comic book store. The results are the same, and Sheldon has another long walk home.After a last-ditch effort to beg Penny to take him to Pottery Barn, it's time for an intervention."Sheldon, you know that we care about you."---Penny"And it's because we care about you that we have to speak up."---Howard (with an encouraging nod from Raj)"You're hurting the people around you, sweetie."---Penny"We made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it."---LeonardIt's time Sheldon went to...the DMV. ("This madness has to stop!") Sheldon denies having a problem, but Penny decides to take him...because Leonard is going to bed and rock breaks scissors.One would assume that Sheldon would create much havoc attempting to take an exam. One would be correct in that assumption. Penny erroneously asks why Sheldon just didn't get a license at 16 like everybody else. It turns out, Sheldon was "examining pertubative amplitudes in N=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re-examination of the ultraviolet properties of the multi-loop N=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory." (watched it 6 times to get that with the closed captioning, for those of you wondering) Sheldon turns in the application, receives the written test, but he immediately has some concerns about the test. In spite of the proctor not caring, Sheldon insists that a "car length" is not a standard unit of measure. By the time he explains that none of the answers to question 2 accurately fit, the proctor just hands him his learner's permit so he can get out of there.Back at home, Howard has designed a state-of-the-art simulator a friend made for the army. (Which explains why the roads look like downtown Fallujah?) Howard reconfigures it to be a red Taurus in the middle of downtown Pasadena. However, Sheldon insists on a new color, as red cars are statistically pulled over more than other cars. He wants Howard to change the car's color to be the same as Luke Skywalker's light saber "before the remastered it." "Black it is." He starts driving (after buckling in his imaginary seatbelt) To say Sheldon needs to work on his driving would be like saying Milli Vanilli need to work on their singing. After crashing into several simulated cars and having his simulated airbags deploy (in this case, Penny smashing him with a pillow), he clearly needs work. He continues far into the night, and does succeed to get his car to the Galleria Mall. In fact, he's IN the mall. On the second floor. Crashing into a pet store. Leonard, waking up, encourages him to get some sleep and try again tomorrow. Sheldon has a better idea: quit altogether. Although he does have another term for it: evolving beyond driving. To Leonard's consternation, Sheldon theorizes that he is something beyond humans, a "homo novus," as it were. Although it's for anthropologists to decide, he feels he is predestined to unlock the mysteries of the universe and is not designed for the plebian task of driving. Leonard asks the obvious question of how homo novus will get to work tomorrow. Sheldon does not know at first, but he eventually comes up with the solution: he lives at the office. Sheldon is sleeping in his office and uses the radiation shower to clean up. This is what will have to do until Leonard tells him that he's done with his nighttime work...which was a week ago.
