A few lessons in dining with Sheldon: 1)Don't upset Sheldon by playing with your food. 2)Don't upset Sheldon by playing with the Sheldon. 3) NEVER, EVER use the phrase Nerdizzle. (Actually, that's my rule, but I don't think anybody will object.) Howard brought Bernadette over for dinner, and she is more than welcome to stay, provided they eat dinner family-style, since it was only meant for 5, not 6. Of course, she can't sit in Sheldon's spot becuase, as Penny explains, in the winter it's close enough to the radiator so he is warm but not so close he sweats, and in the summer, it gets a nice cross-breeze by opening up certain windows. It also points to the TV not at a direct angle so that he can converse with others in the room but not so indirect where the picture looks fuzzy.SHELDON: There's hope for you yet.Penny certainly likes the arrangement of Bernadette in the room, since she now has a person to talk about shoes with. Apparently, this is the definition of Hell for Sheldon, but Bernadette can even tolerate Howard's vain and sexist attempts at humor because his face lights up when she laughs. ("Howard, don't ever let her go.") Bernadette is most interested in Leonard's experiments with subatomic particles, which Sheldon thinks are as ground-breaking as 3rd graders growing lima beans on wet paper towels. Bernadette continues the conversation with Leonard, making Penny feel a lot smaller, since she knows she can't keep up.Later on, as Sheldon gets run over by Raj in Mario Kart, Penny asks him for a favor. He is open to it, as long as it isn't about shoes. She wants him to teach her about physics so that she can understand what Leonard is doing at work. Clearly there is a small amount of jealousy on her part since Bernadette is fascinated with Leonard's work. She wants to surprise Leonard. ("If you really want to surprise him, why don't you do something like clean your apartment?") She comes up with a good angle: it would make for a fascinating experiment. Since someone was able to teach Coco the Gorilla 2,000 words of sign language, not one of which was related to shoes, Sheldon accepts the challenge to teach Penny.On the other side of the new Bernadette/Leonard platonic coupling, Howard is making a big show of showing her off. (BTW, Melissa Rauch, could you please not channel Kelly Boyd from "Cheers" when playing Bernadette? That would be helpful. Thanks. :-D ) Leonard invites her to his lab to look at some of his experiments. While she's away, Howard berates him for moving in on his girl.HOWARD: It's not enough you got the Prom Queen, now you want the Chair of the Decorating Committee?Leonard insists he is not interested in Bernadette, but Howard still threatens Leonard, saying that "he's crazy!"Sheldon types in his research journal that he is ready to conduct his experiment. He notes that Penny is on time, well-rested, and eager to learn. ("Apparently, ignorance IS bliss.") After giving her a notebook, hoping the college-rule style won't intimidate her, he begins his lecture back in ancient Greece, where people would look up at the stars and see some of them move in the night sky. (She may want to start taking notes.) Penny wants to know if the 2600 year study is necessary, but Sheldon want to take her from the Greeks to Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schroedinger to the Dutch researchers Leonard is currently ripping off. She'll need to use the bathroom first.SHELDON: Project Gorilla - Entry 2. I'm exhausted!Howard has Bernadette up in his room, so you know his mom is ready to ****block that situation. Howard comes up with the idea to make her cook lamb stew for dinner, requiring her to go to the store for the Leseur peas. She goes, since Howard's mom can't say no to her little tushy-face. As they are ready to get it on, Leonard texts Bernadette to tell her that Howard might get weirded out if she went to his experiment tomorrow. Howard thinks that it is weird for Leonard to invite her without clearing it with him first. She doesn't appreciate that and takes off.Sheldon is trying to teach Penny physics, but he instead gives a good demonstration of why the phrase "those who can't do...teach" is complete and utter BS. (I knew what he was talking about and I still couldn't follow him.) Neither can Penny, and Sheldon is going ballistic at her. Which causes her to cry.SHELDON: Why are you crying?PENNY: Because I'm stupid!SHELDON: That's no reason to cry. One cries when one is sad. For example, I cry because others are stupid and that makes me sad.Penny begs him to teach him one thing that she can understand. Sheldon tells her Leonard is dealing with subatomic particles. She gets that part and then asks what are subatomic particles. SHELDON: Good question! To answer that question, we must first answer the question...what is physics?PENNY: Oh balls!Howard goes to Leonard's lab, angry that Leonard text-blocked him with Bernadette by saying he has a problem with Bernadette hanging out with Leonard. That's because he does. Howard wanted Leonard to tell Bernadette something that didn't make him look like a petty, jealous douche. When Bernadette arrives, Howard tries to cover for himself by saying he was interested in Leonard's experiment as well. Bernadette said Howard thought it was stupid. (Howard, Kettle returned your call. Something about her being black?) Howard finally apologizes to Bernadette for what he did, and she forgives him, on Leonard's recommendation. After all, Leonard can put tushy-face on Twitter right then and there.At the next dinner, Penny was able to converse with Leonard about his experiment (which would take too long to repeat here). But she did want everybody to know that Fig Newtons were named after a town in Massachusetts and not the physicist.
