When is Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) favorite time to shop at the drugstore? When the shelves are restocked. Seriously, he's like a kid in a candy store. (SHELDON: Look, a new topical histamine with lidocaine! I can't wait until I get a rash!) But his day was about to get better, as he spotted Arthur Jeffries...aka Professor Proton (Bob Newhart)...waiting in line for his prescription. So naturally, Sheldon has to go pester him. Sheldon figures Dr. Jeffries doesn't remember him because of his advanced age, but he did. Sheldon introduces Amy (Mayim Bialik) as his girlfriend, who is happy to see him...and even happier she's wearing the same orthotic shoes as him. Then Leonard (Johnny Galecki) reluctantly introduces himself. (ARTHUR: I remember your girlfriend. Is she here?) Sheldon wants to know what prescription he's getting filled, but then he tries to guess.SHELDON: Give me a hint: does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything?ARTHUR: Given my age, that's more than a lucky guess.At the university, Howard (Simon Helberg) finds out Raj (Kunal Nayyar) will be joining Penny, Amy, and Bernadette for ladies' night. Howard wants to do something with him because the ladies would be making jewelry all night, but that was apparently Raj's idea. Leonard gets an email from Arthur asking for his help regarding an experiment using nano vacuum tubes. Sheldon's even more excited, though. He got two emails from Arthur: one asking for Leonard's email and one telling him that he got it. Sheldon is upset Arthur picked Leonard over him but Howard didn't think it was anything he should cry over. Sheldon claimed he didn't cry. (HOWARD: That's true. You don't cry; you rust.) Well, to be sure, he does pout and brood. And Amy still had to serve him the obligatory tea for when someone is upset. Then she asked him if he thought about why Arthur didn't ask him to participate. Amy suggested Arthur may have found Sheldon...a bit much. Sheldon thinks that's baloney because he's mastered the big three in social skills: the coy smile, the friendly chuckle, and the vocalization of sympathy. (He was still working on that last one.) Still, Amy thought she saw Arthur's reasoning but decided not to push it further.SHELDON: Go ahead, say it. The words I've heard all my life. Say it. I'm annoying. I'm annoying. Where are you going? (starts chasing her) Come on, you know you want to say, so say it. I'm annoying. Say I'm annoying. Say it, Amy. Say it!Thankfully, Amy had her ladies' night to go to, where she could make and wear jewelry that for once didn't list her allergies on them. Penny (Kaley Cuoco), on the other hand, was having trouble with the glue. Turns out she missed a few days of pre-school to date a 2nd grader. Howard comes in but was already told by Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) he couldn't make fun of Raj so he promised he wouldn't joke about the things Raj found fu-uhn. (There's a certain Cyndi Lauper you have to think about there.) Howard was quite impressed with the things Penny, Amy, and Bernadette were making. (Well, Amy and Bernadette; Penny was just making a mess.) But Howard suggested they could make awesome jewelry if they learned how to use a soldering iron, which he happened to have. Raj doesn't want to (mostly out of being upset with Howard), but Amy and Bernadette thought they would give it a try.Sheldon went to Professor Proton's house to apologize, but he accidentally woke him up. At 7:30 in the evening. Amy pointed out to Sheldon he may have been annoying to Arthur. (ARTHUR: She sounds like a keeper.) But Sheldon does apologize for it and Arthur accepts it. Of course, now that they've "cleared the air," Sheldon wants in on his project because he think he can help Arthur because so many people think he's a washed-up has-been. Or dead. (ARTHUR: I should be so lucky.) Arthur decides to stick with Leonard.SHELDON: It's because I'm annoying, isn't it. Say it, Arthur. Say I'm annoying. Say it. Say it. (gets the door closed in his face) Say it, I'm annoying. Say it. Say it.ARTHUR: (opens the door) You're annoying!SHELDON: Well, that hurt.In fairness, Leonard was still a big fan, saying if someone had told him as a kid he'd be working one day with Professor Proton, he wouldn't have believed it. (ARTHUR: If someone had told me people would still call me Professor Proton when I was 83 years old, I would never have quit smoking.) And now it was time for Sheldon to seek payback, as he was also spending his day with a beloved children's show host. Bill Nye But Bill was a fan of Arthur's, too, say his show wouldn't have happened without him. (ARTHUR: That's what I told my lawyers!) Leonard was upset Sheldon did this, but Bill thought he was teaching a class. No, he was teaching someone a lesson, according to Sheldon. Still, Bill thought the experiment on nano vacuum tubes was quite fascinating.ARTHUR: Haven't you stolen enough from me? Back off, bow tie!Back at Penny's, she had mastered the art of making earrings. Or finding them on sale at Target. Raj was making a necklace for his mom because she was having problems with his father. Then Howard stopped by to "help put the Jew back in jewelry." (BERNADETTE: Oh, sure, it's fine when you say it.) Howard had a fun time last week, so he picked a few things up from the lab to help them. Such as a crucible, some silver, and an acetylene torch. He could even use human hairs and the hydraulic press at work to form diamonds. It's what he did for Bernadette's engagement ring. (Didn't use his mother's back hair, otherwise the diamond would be much bigger.) Raj wasn't liking the lack of attention. He was upset Howard always made fun of him for it and now he was here ruining it for everybody. (PENNY: Raj, cool it! He's going to make us hair diamonds!) Howard claimed he was just joking around, but Raj admitted it hurt sometimes. Howard apologized and they made up.AMY: They're going to have sex before Sheldon and me. I knew it!Arthur was enjoying working with Leonard, but he wondered why Leonard put up with Sheldon. He said they were friends, but Arthur wanted to know why. (LEONARD: Wow, you really ask hard questions.) Leonard knew Sheldon could be difficult but he wasn't doing it on purpose. And he also says Sheldon is loyal, trustworthy, and they have a lot of fun together.ARTHUR: You do know you're describing a dog, right?LEONARD: Well, he did bite me once. But in his defense, I did come up behind him while he was eating. Sheldon is the smartest person I've ever met, and he's a little broken so he needs me. And I guess I need him.ARTHUR: Why's that?LEONARD: Wow, you really won't let this go, will you.Raj stopped by Howard's to give him a little make-up present for the way he acted. It was a Star Wars light saber belt buckle. That even lit up. Howard thought it was awesome...and then he saw the one on Raj's belt. (RAJ: Check it out. You could wear yours and we can have little swordfights whenever we want!)Arthur decides to go to the apartment and hand his paper to Sheldon so he could assess it. (Although by the time he got to the third floor, he was starting to see a white light.) Turns out Sheldon hacked into his email account already and read it. And despite Sheldon mocking him for having such an easy email password, he did find the paper inspiring. He invited Arthur in for some tea. Arthur turned it down...and then he saw Penny.ARTHUR: I guess one cup wouldn't hurt. So...you have any...single grandmothers?PENNY: Sorry, they're both married.ARTHUR: Oh. (pause) Happily?
