Apparently, Ellen DeGeneres's influence has made it to the BBT gang, as Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) were playing Heads Up!, the game on your mobile phone where you hold words up to your head and others try to get you to say what they are. Apparently, Sheldon thought "a guy he loved and an underappreciated scientist" was him and not Nikolas Tesla. "Also a type of car" didn't help much, as he thought it was a Mini-Cooper. "He's a poor man's Sheldon Cooper," however, did the trick. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) arrived from the doctor's office. Leonard got a rhinoscopy, which watching on the monitor looked like the scary boat ride from Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory (1971). (that is SO accurate) Long story short, Leonard needed to have surgery to fix his deviated septum. Which sent Sheldon into a full-blown panic. Never mind the fact it would stop Leonard from snoring; after five or six years, Sheldon got used to it and it was now like a sound machine he used to get some sleep (he even went into Leonard's room to listen to it). But since Leonard was firm in getting the surgery, Sheldon was done talking about it. And for the next clue in the game (Jay-Z), the clues Sheldon gave were "most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery."Raj (Kunal Nayyar) needed some advice for an anniversary present for his parents, who were celebrating forty years together. Howard (Simon Helberg) couldn't imagine being married to someone for forty years. Yup, right in front of Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). (and people complain about HER???) Bernadette wondered if there was anything they had in common.RAJ: They used to like going to the Mumbai Symphony, but my mother thought last year they were phoning it in. And then my dad said based on their love life, she should know about phoning it in.BERNADETTE: He really said that to her?RAJ: No, they weren't speaking at the time, so a servant did.Clearly things weren't going well with his parents, but giving them coasters with his face on them probably wouldn't work. Certainly the ones Howard and Bernadette got didn't. (BERNADETTE: They're yours in the divorce.)Sheldon originally calculated a 1 in 700,000 chance of Leoanrd dying during the surgery, and Leonard figured he would be one of the 699,999 who made it. But Sheldon was able to get that down to 1 in 300 because of an allergic reaction to the anesthesia (which Leonard wasn't) or the latex gloves the surgeon would wear (which Leonard wasn't), or the surgeon could have an epileptic fit in the middle of surgery. Oh, and Leonard pointing out driving being more dangerous than the surgery? Sheldon put that in the equation, too. Along with dying on the walk down the stairs from the apartment and even hit by an asteroid (which somehow kills Leonard but not Sheldon). Leonard said he would think about it, as the surgery wasn't for another week. And if he wanted it done in Nicaragua during monsoon season, the odds would drop even more.Leonard and Penny decided to go for a nice swim at a public pool. It was the perfect excuse to give Sheldon because he got busy trying to calculate the amount of urine that was likely in the pool (18 parts per million, BTW). Amy had to drive him to work, but unfortunately for someone who managed to be a boy scout for two years, she couldn't keep a lie very well. Sheldon figured out that she was lying and she admitted Leonard got an appointment that had just opened up. Sheldon demanded she take him there. This despite her letting him eat his french toast sticks in the car. Penny was obviously not happy when he arrived, but Amy copped to Sheldon wearing extra baby powder as the reason she caved.SHELDON: I assume this medical center has already treated the burns on your bottom from your recent pants fire!PENNY: He's going to be alright! (pats Sheldon's hand) That is sticky.Amy said they should talk about something other than the surgery. So Sheldon asked Penny if Leonard and she already made funeral arrangements. Amy meant something happier. (SHELDON: I suppose we could try to make it a celebration, but he died so young.)Howard and Bernadette came to Raj's office to comfort him because he found out his parents did get a divorce. He talked to his father, who had moved out, and his mother had already bought the book Eat, Pray, Love...which she used to set fire to his Mercedes. Bernadette brought muffins...and a few too many attempts at trying to be funny. Bernadette was sympathetic; she would be devastated if her parents split up.HOWARD: Why? Your father hardly speaks to her anyway.BERNADETTE: Well at least he stuck around! Your dad just took off!HOWARD: (to Raj) As you can see, we're here to cheer you up.Raj figured his parents started to resent each other and kept it bottled up rather than talk about it. That got Howard and Bernadette to thinking later that they didn't want to risk that. Bernadette insisted Howard tell her anything that annoyed him about her, but he wasn't going to fall into that trap.BERNADETTE: So there ARE things you don't like.HOWARD: And here I am in the trap.Bernadette kept trying to get him to say something but Howard wouldn't bite. But he did attend couples' therapy...with someone other than Bernadette ("Was it your mom?")...and they suggested saying things you love about one another. Bernadette thought it was sweet and said she loved how Howard made her laugh. And Howard said he loved how she was strong and independent, and Bernadette loved how he still held the door open for her. Howard said he loved that he was a slob around the house and she was OK with that. Um....BERNADETTE: (sarcasm dripping) And I love that I work and do all the cleaning and you're OK with that.Penny did have to give Sheldon credit for buying a teddy bear for Leonard. Actually, Amy bought the teddy bear...for Sheldon. Who has issues with revolving doors for some reason. Penny begged Sheldon not to give Leonard a hard time because he wouldn't likely feel good after surgery. Amy agreed, saying it was like the man in the supermarket with the goiter. Holding a grapefruit up to it is not something the man needed. Sheldon was upset for being deceived and being the only one who seemed to care about Leonard.PENNY: I'm worried about him. I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him!SHELDON: And I'm not???Although admittedly, the minor tremor and the lights going out were not something Leonard needed during surgery. And certainly Sheldon didn't need it, as he sprinted towards the operating room...only to crash into the glass doors. Now he had a bandage on his nose to match Leonard's.PENNY: (takes a picture of both of them) Come on, smile! This is going to be my Christmas card!Naturally, Sheldon blamed Leonard for his broken nose. Leonard didn't even want him there, and the surgery was successful anyway. Sheldon said he wasn't out of the woods. There was post-op infection, blood clots, or a barn spider laid eggs in his nose.SHELDON: The minute you sneeze web, I'm moving out.LEONARD: Never thought I'd say these words, but COME ON, NOSE SPIDER!Penny called BS on Sheldon, particularly given the evidence he smashed his face into a door trying to check on him.Meanwhile, the fight between Howard and Bernadette wasn't improving, if Bernadette loving Howard for spending an hour in the bathroom grooming his hair even when she had to pee was any indication, or Howard loving that she won't pee in the kitchen sink and how her hair is always on the soap. (HOWARD: It's like washing myself with a hamster!) Fortunately (I think), Raj arrived and Howard talked about "saying all the things we love about each other."RAJ: Oh, like you and I did at couples' therapy!Oh, Sheldon also bought two urns in preparation for Leonard's surgery. They couldn't be sent back because they were engraved. On Leonard's: Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his roommate knew better. On Sheldon's: I'm With Stupid.R.I.P. Carol Ann Susi (Mrs. Wolowitz)
