It is uncertain what gives this episode a nicer start; the smile on Raj's face as he eats his tapioca pudding, or the TV-14 (D, L) rating in the corner of the TV. However, Raj is convinced the worst concoction of tapioca pudding is still better than the greatest of any other flavor. Naturally, Sheldon disagrees and is more than happy to say why."Firstly, the greatest flavor of pudding is chocolate. Secondly, the organic structure of tapioca makes it a jiggling bowl of potential death. It is extracted from the plant...""I'm thinking of growing a mustache." THANK YOU, HOWARD! Everybody is impressed, not only with Howard's decision, but successfully cutting off Sheldon. They discuss the styles...Fu Manchu, handlebar, pencil."IT'S MADE FROM THE PLANT....""You know, George Clooney has one." Again, thank you Howard! Raj wants to talk about seeing George at Ralph's Grocery Store buying Tequila, but now Sheldon looks like an extra from the movie "Scanners." The guys relent and let him finish before his head explodes."IT'S EXTRACTED FROM THE ROOT OF THE PLANT MANIHOT ESCULANTA DUE TO A HIGH CONCENTRATION OF CYANIDE, IT IS POISONOUS IN ITS RAW FORM AND LETHAL IF PREPARED IMPROPERLY! IT IS ALSO NATIVE TO BRAZIL, WHERE WE ALSO GET THE COCOA BEAN WHICH IS MADE INTO CHOCOLATE WHICH MAKES THE BEST PUDDING! YOU PROMISED YOU WOULDN'T DO THAT TO ME ANYMORE!"While Sheldon recovers, Kripke comes by to congwatuwate Weonard on anti-proton decay experiment, which had 20,000 data runs without any statistically significant results. But Raj comforts Leonard, saying even negative results are good results. (even 20,000 of them) Trouble is, Sheldon needs the Open Science Grid Computer that Kripke runs. Leonard informs Sheldon that Kripke only lets his friends use it. Therefore, Sheldon's solution is clear; he must make friends with Kripke. He asks Kripke if he wants to be friends; Kripke declines. Sheldon is puzzled, given that Kripke is generally considered unlikeable. Telling Kripke that probably didn't help, nor insisting that Kripke re-think his position and become friends.Back at home, Leonard is being a good friend to Penny...by reprogramming her email so that Wolowitz's emails go right into the spam folder. He's sympathetic, since he got the same photo of Wolowitz in a bathing suit...well, that was actually a tan line. Meanwhile, Sheldon is calling Kripke to again try and be friends. He certainly gets off to a good start by questioning Kripke's choice of the Chef Salad at lunch, which is kitchen trickery to utilize scrap meat. Penny is impressed that Sheldon is attempting to make new friends, but Leonard is pessimistic about its success. We do, however, learn that Sheldon and Leonard became friends because there was a flyer on the bulletin board at the university: "roommate wanted: whistlers need not apply." Leonard accepted, thinking that Sheldon was being "whimsical" about the whistling. He apparently wasn't however, given the first warning Sheldon issues when Leonard attempts it.Sheldon is undaunted by his quest for figuring out how to make friends, even passing out a questionnaire for analysis to all his friends. Penny is shocked by the 211 questions that need to be answered (including an essay question) But Sheldon was kind enough to phrase the questions at a high-school graduate level for Penny. She wonders why he can't just be, um...pleasant. Well, at least she has her essay question now. Leonard, Howard, and Raj, however, have not taken the survey as seriously. Leonard answered the multiple-choice in a repeating pattern and said the Sheldon can only make friends if the Cylons take over. But that's still better than Howard, who filled out his essay with a picture of a raccoon with an enlarged scrotum. ("But it is a cute raccoon...'til you get to the scrotum.") Leonard is trying to get Sheldon to see that you can't approach making new friends the same way Sheldon learned to swim...over the Internet. Leonard tries again."My point is, if you want to learn how to make friends, just go out to a coffee shop or a museum, meet people, talk to them, and take an interest in THEIR lives.""That's insane on the face of it."However, Sheldon decides to head to a bookstore to find literature on the subject. After making a grieving woman grieve even harder, Sheldon looks for books on making friends. It appears the children's section seems to have them. However, since Sheldon is convinced the skills can be extrapolated and transferred, he goes in head first. Finding the book "Stu the Cockatoo is New at the Zoo," he finds what he is looking for. ("Gerry the Gerbil and the Bullies on the Bus" was NO help whatsoever to him.) He asks a little girl in the section if she likes birds, but she says they scare her. She does like Curious George, though. Sheldon is impressed and asks if she wants to be his friend. Thankfully, Leonard is back to pull him out of there before it goes all Michael Jackson on him. ("Don't look up! There's cameras.")Leonard, Raj, and Howard are returning to the apartment with dinner. Raj is very upset he put down Sheldon's favorite amino acid as lysine...then changed it. Sheldon is waiting for them, hoping that his "Friendship Algorithm" works. Leonard doesn't want to hear anymore, but Howard thinks there could be some money made at Comic Con with this if it works. Based on the Stu the Cockatoo book, Sheldon has set up a diagram that he will use to talk with Kripke, including decision tracks for whatever responses Kripke gives. It goes...Share a meal ----> get a hot beverage ----> share time with an interest of Kripke's ----> share a different interest of Kripke's ----> share a different interest of Kripke's ----> share a different interest of Kripke's ----> share a different interest of Kripke's (uh-oh)Fortunately, Howard redesigns the diagram to get Sheldon out of his infinite loop. By adding a loop counter and a direct line to the "Least Objectionable Activity," Sheldon now has an activity in which to join Kripke. (he has to pay, of course) The interest: rock climbing.Of course, Sheldon learns about rock climbing over the Internet. Everything goes well, until Sheldon sees the height of the rock-climbing wall. Sheldon offers the beverage option again, with Kripke's ventriloquism dummy, but Kripke "wants to cwimb some wocks." Sheldon has no fear of heights, although falling does seem to be a logical fear to have. However, he heads up, and does very well, a small amount of incontinence aside. He makes it about halfway up before committing the standard "Dizzying Heights 101" blunder: he looks down. Apparently it IS a fear of heights. He feels like an inverse tangent function approaching an asymptote. (The FIRST scientific/mathematical thing I ever understood from him!) Sheldon can't seem to continue climbing, nor does he seem to be able to climb back down. He takes the third option...and passes out.Back at the apartment (and after a stirring, whistled rendition of "Sweet Georgia Brown" from the guys), Sheldon and Kripke return from their rock-climbing adventure. They offer Kripke some Chinese food, but he needs some dental floss first...to get the Indian food out of his teeth. While he's gone, Sheldon realizes that he needs to stop being friends with one of his current friends, since maintaining 5 friendships is a Herculean task. Leonard is his roommate and ride, so he's safe. (But he still can't whistle) Howard, despite his raccoon drawing, horrible cologne, and inability to play games on the Jewish high holidays, is also safe. (Dammit) Sheldon turns to Penny, who gets that she is not a scientist and is not "one of the guys." But Sheldon cuts her off...Raj is out. Apparently, putting glutamine as Sheldon's favorite amino acid is just not good enough. However, Raj shouldn't go just yet, as Kripke returns from the bathroom, sharing with the world that he likes to floss before dinner "so his gum pockets are open for new food." (Oh, THAT'S why it was TV-14). Then he turns his attention to Penny, but decides that name isn't hot enough. Then he turns his attention to...Roxanne."Suddenly I'm looking pretty good, huh?" Howard says to Penny. (BTW: Kaley, don't break character)Sheldon pushes past to discuss getting time in the Open Science Grid Computer, since he and Kripke are friends. However, there's nothing Kripke can do, as the official schedule is out of his control. Raj is in, Kripke is out. After all, Raj likes monkeys. And give Sheldon credit: he goes back to the rock-climbing wall and gets much further this time...before passing out again.
