The whole gang was gathered for dinner. Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were having trouble keeping nurses around to take care of his mother. Two had quit so far, not eaten by Mrs. Wolowitz as they may have thought. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) announced their engagement and everyone was excited. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) told everyone he slept with Emily and everyone was even more excited. Much to the offense of Leonard and Penny.BERNADETTE: You guys get engaged all the time. This NEVER happens!Even Leonard and Penny had to concede that and joined in on the celebration. It wasn't easy for Raj, though. It wasn't like riding a bike: he fell off a few times.Sheldon (Jim Parsons), on the other hand, was dealing with a crisis. President Siebert told him he couldn't switch his studies from String Theory to Inflationary Cosmology because Sheldon was hired for String Theory and his grant money was earmarked for it. Sheldon was tempted to leave the university, and Howard had a job already lined up for him...if Sheldon was looking for a career in homecare for the old and fat. Still no luck on his part finding a nurse that would stay longer than a day. (HOWARD: Maybe it's time we just released Ma back into the sea.)Now it was time for Leonard and Penny to tell their respective families about the engagement. Leonard skype'd with his mother (Christine Baranski), asking her to keep any concerns she had to herself before he said it. Of course, Sheldon already told Beverly about the engagement. Leonard wasn't happy as you may have guessed, but it turned out Sheldon spoke quite fondly of her. So if Penny was good enough for Sheldon, she was good enough for Beverly. Which really wasn't good enough for Leonard.BEVERLY: Leonard, would it make you feel better to hear that your mother approved of your life choices?LEONARD: Yes, it would.BEVERLY: Yeah, well, you should work on that.Things were going much more smoothly on the phone with Penny telling her mother. After all, Leonard was the same guy she had been going out with for two years. And best of all, she wasn't pregnant. Which was a first for the family. Bernadette, having gone through marriage already, wanted to make sure Penny knew she was marrying not just Leonard, but his whole family. Penny thought Beverly liked her. (BERNADETTE: It doesn't matter if she's OK with you. The question is can she go to the bathroom by herself.) Amy (Mayim Bialik) asked about living arrangements, and Penny figured she would eventually move in with Leonard. Given Penny wasn't currently working, it made good financial sense. And it was a godsend to Bernadette, who had the perfect job for her. She was willing to pay anything, but apparently the rubber gloves Penny was smart enough to bring would not be sufficient. (BERNADETTE: I could have ridden a bull longer than that.)Leonard found Sheldon typing up a letter of appeal to the faculty senate to let him change his emphasis of study, and somehow Sheldon managed to make it to the last sentence before insulting the crap out of them. But Leonard wanted to talk about the living arrangements. Sheldon had already been thinking about it and was willing to let her stay one day a week. (SHELDON: Now, obviously, not when she's made cranky by the shedding of her uterine lining.) But Leonard meant living with Penny and not Sheldon. Which Sheldon didn't understand. Leonard thought she could move in with Penny, or Penny could come over to their apartment and Sheldon could live in hers. (SHELDON: Across the hall?!?! Did you take a marijuana?!?! Did you get hit on the head with a coconut?!?!) Obviously neither of those things happened; Leonard loved Penny and wanted to give her the life she deserves.SHELDON: I see, you're putting your future bride's happiness over mine.Sheldon goes over to Amy's house to complain about what Leonard was doing, and Amy was kind enough to make him some Strawberry Quik. Amy thinks it might be for the best, given he has always complained about what a terrible roommate Leonard was. He keeps the temperature up like the Amazon...and not the good one with one-day shipping...and he has four entire keys on his keychain. Amy thinks it'll be good for Sheldon to live alone, and if he doesn't like it, she could live with him. Uh, no.SHELDON: You're not moving in, Leonard's not moving out, everything stays the way it is. By the way, I saw you make this Strawberry Quik with syrup and you're supposed to use powder.AMY: It tastes the same.SHELDON: No, the syrup tastes better, and I don't like it!Leonard surprised Penny with a homemade dinner, which may have been just him preventing himself from having one of her home-cooked meals. They were trying to pick a date for the wedding, but to accommodate her brother, 12-18 months depending on good behavior sounded golden. Amy stopped by because Sheldon stormed out and she couldn't get him on the phone. Leonard admitted Sheldon had a few rough days given the university wouldn't let him change his studies. Leonard figured Sheldon needed some alone time, which Amy wouldn't grant the two of them despite them having a romantic dinner together. Until Penny stopped beating around the bush and told her to get out.Sheldon stopped by the comic book store, only to find it burnt to the ground. Apparently, Stuart (Kevin Sussman) was cooking on a hot plate and forgot you can't go across the street to take a shower at the self-service car wash and leave a hot plate on. Needless to say, Stuart's life sort of falling apart.SHELDON: YOUR life? The university is making me do string theory. And my girlfriend loves me so much she wants to live with me! And now, the place I need to go when I'm sad is damp and it smells funny!Sheldon was sick and tired of things changing, and he was determined to get Stuart back on his feet. By buying a comic book. For $1...because of the water damage. Back at home, Leonard hacked into Sheldon's cell phone, a precaution he took ever since Sheldon wandered off at a swap meet chasing a balloon. (PENNY: He can take care of himself. We went over 'stranger danger' and bought him that whistle.) Leonard tracked Sheldon to the train station. And given it was dark out, Leonard figured Sheldon wasn't there because he liked trains. The two of them took off to find Sheldon.Raj and Howard stopped by the comic book store, and AGAIN Stuart had to explain he didn't burn down the store for the insurance money. Stuart asked if he could crash at Raj's, but Raj would have to cancel on having sex with Emily to do that. Howard, however, had a great idea for Stuart to have a place to live and earn money.HOWARD: I just have to warn you, it will involve humiliation, degradation, and verbal abuse.STUART: So what's the catch?Leonard and Penny found Sheldon. (SHELDON: Boy, you chase one balloon for three miles...) Leonard pointed out he didn't even have a change of clothes or a toothbrush, but Sheldon planned to live off the land...at shopping malls. He had reached his breaking point and had to leave. Leonard begged him to come back home, even promising to take him to Lego Land.SHELDON: Lego Land is not the solution for everything! And it's too much of a scene since that movie came out.LEONARD: Then what can I do?SHELDON: Leonard, I am overwhelmed. Everything's changing and it's simply too much. I need to get away and think.LEONARD: Come on, you know you're overreacting.PENNY: Leonard...(pulls him aside) maybe we need to let him go. It might be good for him.LEONARD: He can't take a trip like this by himself!PENNY: He's a grown man.LEONARD: No, he LOOKS like a grown man. You've seen Freaky Friday (1976), sometimes little kids end up in big person bodies.PENNY: Leonard, we can't protect him forever. He'll be OK. You taught him well, Padawan.SHELDON: (overhearing) Good Lord, Padawan was the student, not the teacher!PENNY: Seriously, let him go.Leonard finally concedes that Sheldon has to do this. Penny kisses Sheldon goodbye and tells him to call.LEONARD: Sheldon, I'm going to miss you.SHELDON: Of course you are.LEONARD: (eyeroll) Just made that easier.Good news: Mrs. Wolowitz's new caretaker was doing great. And Mrs. Wolowitz was quite happy as well.MRS. WOLOWITZ: Stewie, are you coming in to watch Wheel of Fortune (1983) with me?STUART: Coming, Debbie! (to Howard and Bernadette) Thanks, guys. This job is a dream come true.HOWARD: Was that a little weird?BERNADETTE: There was definitely something about it that was...unnatural.Over at the apartment, Amy got a call from Sheldon, who checked in as promised. It sounded like Sheldon was doing OK, and both Penny and Leonard thought it was for the best.AMY: (assaults Leonard with a pillow) HOW COULD YOU LET HIM GO!!!!!!!!!See you on Monday, September 22nd!
