Season 4 opens with the boys having Chinese. And there's an extra set of hands to serve them. Well, one hand anyway. Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) stole (borrowed) a robotic arm from JPL and brought it home with him. He's quite adept at programming it because it only took 28 minutes to get all the food out. Of course, using a robotic arm he originally designed for extravehicular repairs on the International Space Station really shouldn't be in the apartment, especially if Sheldon is right and it goes back in time to kill Sarah Connor. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) thinks it's amazing, but Sheldon (Jim Parsons) thinks it's merely a modest leap forward. But Howard can program the hand to give the peace sign to Sheldon. (One too many fingers, apparently.)Sheldon receives a text from Amy Fowler (Mayim Bialik), his girlfriend. ("Sheldon has a girlfriend?!?") Howard and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) explain to Penny they put Sheldon's info on a dating site, and it spit out Amy Fowler. And four months later, the guys got around to telling her about "Shamy." Naturally, Sheldon denies she's his girlfriend, even though they plan to have a child together. Now everybody is on the floor, given that they wonder how Sheldon and Amy would even have a kid, since all they've done in four months is text and Twitter.SHELDON: Amy pointed out that between the two of us, our genetic material has the potential of producing the first in a line of intellectually-superior benign overlords to guide humanity to a brighter tomorrow.HOWARD: I'm guessing that future historians will condemn us for not taking this opportunity to kill Sheldon.However, Sheldon insists on being clinical about procreation instead of doing it the old fashioned way, which is messy, unsanitary, and in Penny's case, involves loud and unnecessary appeals to a deity.PENNY: (shocked) Oh, God!SHELDON: Exactly.Penny suggests dating Amy first, but since she's not Sheldon's girlfriend, perhaps he can first meet the mother of his future child. That worked.Sheldon is all set for his non-date with his non-girlfriend, but he needs a ride. He asks Penny (obviously the three-knock cadence is used), and she begrudgingly agrees since she doesn't have anything better to do and Leonard told him what he could go do with his cockamamie idea...although that wasn't the word Leonard used. Penny wants to give him advice since she's been on plenty of dates, and this is his first date.SHELDON: If you know so much, how come I have a date tonight, and you have nothing better to do than drive me to it?PENNY: (completely humbled) Fair point.Howard took the robotic arm back home and enjoyed a massage from it. He then has to call Leonard (Johnny Galecki), who is thankful he doesn't have to hear Raj's questions about how Aquaman goes to the bathroom. Apparently Howard is stuck because he tried to get the robotic arm to give him a massage on a body part OTHER THAN his shoulder. (and seriously, if you haven't figured it out, you shouldn't have been watching this show in the first place)Amy joins Penny and Sheldon in her car, although for reasons unexplained, she rode in the back while Sheldon remained up front. Probably better, since Amy has the same thing about a "check engine" light Sheldon does. Penny tries to compliment Amy's hair.AMY: Are you a homosexual?PENNY: Uh, no. Just paying you a compliment.AMY: I would have been more flattered if you were a homosexual.And since neither Sheldon nor Amy want music played, Penny tries to break the uncomfortable silence with talk of Sheldon's youth...which took all of four seconds. ("It was hell.")Leonard and Raj make it to Howard's house, and the situation is pretty much how you would picture someone dumb enough to let a robotic arm near their...reason to live. Apparently Howard loaded the wrong program, and the robotic arm thinks it's holding a screwdriver in space, which means continuing the program would be a very bad thing.RAJ: When Winnie the Pooh got his head stuck in the honeytree, his friends all grabbed onto him and pulled and pulled and pulled.LEONARD: You do what you want; I'm not touching another man's honeytree.Saws and acetalyine torches are also out ("No saws! One circumcision was enough!") But they have to hurry, because Howard's mother has COOKIES AND HAWAAAIIIIAAAANNNN PUNCH! They take the whole thing to the hospital, where the nurse performs a CTRLALTDELECTOMY (yes, she reboots the computer)Sheldon and Amy have their date...and Penny is with them. They eat in silence, while Penny tries to make conversation. She tells Amy Sheldon is on his first official date, as a "semi-incestuous Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown" doesn't count. Amy has one date a year in exchange for her mother not bothering her about it and loaning her a George Foreman grill. ("It seals in the flavor without the fat.") And the question falls to Penny about the number of dates she's had. But before she can answer, Sheldon does a few calculus equations to determine Penny has dated 171 men (correction: 193, since Penny dated one year sooner than Sheldon theorized). As a result of the number of men Sheldon saw leave her apartment or the number of times Penny came home with the same attire, Penny has had 30.96 sexual partners. ("Let's round that up to 31.")AMY: This is very interesting. Cultural perceptions are very subjective. Penny, to your mind, are you a slut?While Penny drowns her sorrows, Sheldon asks Amy the same question. If direct electrical stimulation of the brain to the point of achieving orgasm counts, Amy's an even bigger slut than Penny.In the end, Sheldon considers the date a success and is ready to have his in-vitro baby with Amy...until Penny points out he'd be giving his born-again Christian mother a test tube grandchild out of wedlock. Sheldon decides not to procreate. And based on what happened to Howard (again), he can't procreate.
