Penny (Kaley Cuoco) headed to the guys' apartment to get their wi-fi password, which was changed to "pennyalreadyeatsourfoodshecanpayforwifi." (No spaces) Yes, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) set the password. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) asks if she wanted to hear something weird, and Sheldon tells how Pope John Paul II was made an honorary Harlem Globetrotter in the year 2000. Which Penny had to admit was more interesting to hear about than Leonard's actual news. A guy named Jimmy Speckerman messaged him on Facebook and asked to meet with him. Jimmy was a bully to Leonard in school. Sheldon wanted to know if it was the guy who peed in Leonard's Hawaiian Punch (no), or the one who wedgied him so hard his testicle got trapped and he waited through all of Christmas for it to come back down (no), or used his head to open a nut (no), or made him eat his arm hair (that was Jimmy's sister.) Leonard honestly didn't know why Jimmy wanted to see him.SHELDON: Maybe he wants to see if he can get the other testicle wedged up there.LEONARD: I told you, that was another guy.PENNY: It's too bad. We could have spent New Year's Eve waiting for the ball to drop.Leonard decides he's going to confront Jimmy about all of the things he did to him in school. He decided to take Sheldon, Howard (Simon Helberg), and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) with him, although Howard and Raj just wanted to see Leonard get his underwear pulled over his head. Penny, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), and Amy (Mayim Bialik) have their own discussion about it. Bernadette was the victim of some bullying in school, such as when Tammy Bodnick stole all of her clothes out of her gym locker and left her with an elf costume...which was too big. Although that was nothing compared to Amy having her hand lotion replaced with Rogaine and had to endure the inevitable taunting. (AMY: The one that hurt the most was Gorilla Fingers Fowler) Penny was surprised her school didn't succumb to that, although once a group of kids took the smartest student in class and tied her up in a cornfield overnight. Suddenly, Amy's proud to be best friends with a bully. Penny denied it.BERNADETTE: It kind of sounds like you were. Maybe even a felon.AMY: (whispers) Shhh, that's how you end up in a cornfield. (Bernadette's look was so funny!)Jimmy arrives at the bar and sounds just like someone who would have bullied Leonard in school (and actually looks a bit like me, which is seriously ironic) It turns out Jimmy read about a medal Leonard got, the Newcomb Medal. Which Sheldon interprets as Jimmy insulting Leonard, the equivalent of a smiley-face sticker on homework.RAJ: I won a Newcomb Medal, too.SHELDON: My point.Jimmy told the guys Leonard was so small back then, he could be stuffed into anything. They were quite the comedy team. (HOWARD: Like black death and Europe.) Jimmy wanted to ask Leonard about a money-making idea he had that needed a gear head to work on it.SHELDON: Technically, Howard's the gear head. Leonard's just a dime-store laser jockey.Jimmy's idea was to make a pair of glasses that could turn any movie into 3D. Raj likes the idea so he could watch , but Leonard tells him it isn't possible. Jimmy went to him because he was the smartest person he knows. And even though Leonard is trying to keep him quiet, Sheldon has had enough.SHELDON: What my spineless friend lacks the courage to say is you're a terrible person who took advantage of his tiny size, his uncoordinated nature, and his congenital lack of masculinity!LEONARD: Sheldon...SHELDON: Leonard, I platonically love you, man. But face it: you're a mess!Jimmy asks if it's true, and Leonard admits Jimmy picked on him a little bit in high school. And Sheldon grabs Leonard's list of the things he planned to make Jimmy apologize for, such as gluing Hershey's Kisses to his nipples, and something so dire, it directly resulted in Leonard wetting his bed well into his teens. Jimmy is humbled and Leonard is devastated at what Sheldon did. They leave Jimmy at the bar.LEONARD: Just for the record, Jimmy wasn't the reason I wet the bed. That has my mother written all over it.As Bernadette and Amy tried to guide Penny through Step 8...calling all of the people she bullied and apologizing...Jimmy shows up at the apartment in a drunken state with the list Leonard made. He wanted to apologize for stapling Leonard's balls, throwing him in the girls' locker room, stuffing a parrot down his pants, and something involving Junior Prom and a laxative. Leonard forgives him, but Jimmy is way too drunk to drive. Although Sheldon would rather Leonard not give him some coffee and have him just wander the streets with the other drunks. Jimmy admitted the roles were reversed and Leonard was the winner now. The guys think it says something for humanity that Leonard's bully finally apologized.SHELDON: As a symbolic gesture to all the bullies who tormented us for years, we should open our home to Jimmy. And once he's asleep, we kill him. (the guys are shocked) I said it would be nice. I didn't say we should do it.Penny found a way to make amends: donate all the clothes she didn't wear anymore to the poor. Of course, it would help if she didn't go through the bin and discover a nice pair of boot cut jeans she could exchange for them. And the sweater. And...well, now Amy is involved. Bernadette's Catholic guilt holds her out...until she sees the cute suede boots in her size. They give up and put everything back. Although Bernadette comes back for the boots. ("It's OK! I serve soup to poor people!")In the morning, Jimmy wakes up (and wonders when he had tacos, based on his big belch) and slips right back into old habits. Such as taking Leonard's French toast and calling him Nancy. Despite Sheldon's "I told you so," Leonard grows a pair (or the ones that were wedged finally dropped) and kicks Jimmy out of the apartment. Jimmy defies him, and Leonard gives him a shove. He stood up to his bully. Now he just has to outrun him.
