Leonard (Johnny Galecki) has finally figured out his problem with women! (only 70 episodes after the rest of us did!) And Sheldon (Jim Parsons) can't change the topic by talking about the capybara rodent. Leonard doesn't exude confidence. He demonstrates what he'll do the next time he sees a woman, which includes whipping off his glasses and talking in a manly (relative to him) voice. It worked on Raj (Kunal Nayyar). Howard (Simon Helberg) arrives and bogarts Sheldon's second attempt to talk about the capybara rodent by asking everybody to put in a good word for him, since the FBI may interview them for a security clearance Howard needs for an upcoming project for the Defense Department. Raj is naturally scared, as he has a hard time going through airport security without getting a colonoscopy and a one-way trip back to Gandhi-ville. And Sheldon is offended they don't want to talk about the capybara ("Feast on your disappointment, much like the capybara feasts on its own waste.") And there goes lunch.Raj is up first for the interview, and he's a bit annoyed having his Twilight reading interrupted by Special Agent Page (Eliza Dushku) of the FBI. And as Page is quite hot, the conversation starts out a bit muted until Raj liquors up with some rum cake. The questions are pretty simple: he's known Howard for seven years, he's never seen Howard commit a felony, and Howard's only foreign contact is...him. Of course, Raj is completely paranoid about being deported back to India.RAJ: It's like one really big Comic Con, only everybody is wearing the same costume: Indian Guy!Leonard is up next for Agent Page, and he decides now would be a good time to act confidently towards the fetching FBI agent. He was glad to get Scully instead of Mulder...which goes right past her. Leonard says he's great with relationships, and then it's time to whip off the glasses.LEONARD: You are beautiful. You pop, sparkle, and buzz electric. I'm going to pick you up at 8, and I'm going to show you a night you'll never forget.PAGE: Sounds great.LEONARD: Really?PAGE: Can my 6'2" Navy SEAL husband come with us?Next up is Sheldon, who naturally doesn't trust her, despite Page showing her badge. After all, Sheldon has a Justice League ID card, but it doesn't mean he knows Batman. Page goes right to asking if Sheldon thinks Howard is responsible. To answer, Sheldon shows her his 9-disc Blu-Ray edition of Lord of the Rings, in which Howard accidentally damaged one of the plastic retention hubs and didn't tell him. She wasn't really interested in that level of responsibility. ("You heard me say Blu-Ray, correct?") Changing one of Sheldon's World of Warcraft characters to Smeldor and insisting Sheldon go see the third Matrix movie don't count, either. However, crashing the Mars Rover to impress a woman does count. Sheldon wants to retract it, as it didn't directly involve him, but he couldn't shut up, and Sheldon thinks he deflected her enough to not worry about it. Nope. Howard confronts the gang, and Raj confesses he was drunk on rum cake and Leonard admitted hitting on her. Sheldon doesn't say a thing, but he's giving away the signs of guilt.It turns out Sheldon can't sleep that night, and he admits to Leonard he mentioned the Mars rover incident to the FBI agent. ("But why should that keep me up?") Actually, Sheldon is asleep and having a guilt-ridden dream. The Gorn on the couch (in Sheldon's spot, no less) was proof of that. Sheldon tries to talk to Agent Page (filing a complaint with her boss gets you into her office, apparently, which looks amazingly like Sheldon's office with different things on the walls), but since Sheldon wasn't lying, he couldn't retract his statement. ("I don't remember you calling no backsies.") Sheldon is upset she won't even listen to the letter he wrote in praise of Howard.SHELDON: You know, when I first met Leonard, he was on the verge of giving away rocket secrets to a North Korean spy, and not one agent ever investigated that!PAGE: (pulls out a pad) This is Leonard Hofstadter?SHELDON: No, this was a different Leonard, Chinese, red hair, six fingers...Sheldon finally goes to Howard to tell him he is responsible and his attempts to retract his statement have only made things worse. He is suffering from Gorn-infested guilt. He apologizes, and Howard is ticked. Sheldon thinks the apology should be accepted since he went through standard protocol of making the mistake, attempting to correct it, and apologizing for it. But since Sheldon set Howard's career back two years, he isn't in a forgiving mood.Sheldon engages in another tradition: pouring out his troubles to the sympathetic ear of the bartender at the local establishment. And Penny (welcome back, Kaley Cuoco!) immediately recommends the bar at the Olive Garden. (SHELDON: I don't like the Olive Garden. They treat me like family.) He asks for alcohol, and thanks to computer-savvy alcoholics, there's an app for that. He goes for the Rosewater Ricky, which requires sugar-dusted brandied cherries, overproofed rum, bitters, rosewater...and Penny just pours him a shot, since every bartender makes if differently. Sheldon finally gets to the point about not having his apology accepted by Howard. Penny's solution for things you can't do anything about: drinking. Doesn't work for Sheldon, but he has to admit that he's encountered the Kobayashi Maru scenario, which Penny correctly points out is an unwinnable situation.SHELDON: Kirk won.PENNY: He cheated.Sheldon is impressed with Penny's knowledge. And Sheldon is inspired. Just like James Tiberius Kirk reprogrammed the simulator, Sheldon will reprogram Howard. The neuro-linguistic programming e-book was a waste of $9.95, so Sheldon resorts to bribery. He gives Howard his spot on the couch.RAJ: (in tears) Oh my God, dude. Now you have to forgive him! I haven't cried like this since Toy Story 3 (2010)!Howard does accept Sheldon's apology and even high fives him...after which he breaks out the hand sanitizer. And Sheldon made it 94 seconds before demanding his spot back.
