Raj (Kunal Nayyar) wants to have a weekend marathon playing the new Star Wars online game, but Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thinks he needs to unplug and get some exercise. Howard (Simon Helberg) simply reminds him he just walked up three flights of stairs. And it's on like Alderaan! They tell Sheldon (Jim Parsons), who is beyond ecstatic. Amy (Mayim Bialik), however, informed him he already agreed to attend her aunt's 93rd birthday party at her nursing home, even following the Relationship Agreement of 72 hours notice, checking the tire pressure on her car, and calling the CDC to see what kind of inoculations are required for Orange County. (there aren't any) Amy tells him her aunt will be disappointed. (SHELDON: She's 93. She won't be disappointed for long.) Amy is upset, but Sheldon reminds her the Relationship Agreement was not designed so either of them got their way.AMY: You use it to get your way.SHELDON: I use it to get the right way. The fact that the right way is my way is just a happy coincidence.Sheldon tries to find Amy's aunt a gift at the comic book store, but the Sword of Excalibur really doesn't work well as a cane, since Stuart won't put a tennis ball on the end of it for him. The guys think Sheldon should just ignore Amy and join them. He's a grown-up, he should be able to have a sleepover and play videogames all weekend.SHELDON: I always thought I would be enslaved by some advanced species from another planet, not by some hotsy-totsy from Glendale.BTW, nice 'whipped' app on Howard's phone. Speaking of whipped, Leonard was hoping for some angst from Penny (Kaley Cuoco) when he told her about it, but she was fine with it. Which didn't make him fine. But it was a good chance for her to practice her acting, so she humored him. When Sheldon came by and asked her to manipulate Amy into understanding why he wasn't going to the birthday party, Penny wasn't having it. Even a bribe of gummi bears and "Cooper Coupons" wouldn't work, like for a free grammar check on emails or letters, or a trip to the California Science Center where he'll point out all their mistakes. (LEONARD: Keep an eye on those expiration dates. I've been burned more than once.)Sheldon makes it to the car...with his laptop, a wi-fi hotspot device and headphones. He can be at the party and not miss a moment of gaming. Amy, you might suspect, is mad as hell and tells him if he thinks some stupid gaming is more important than meeting her relatives who want to see him, he should just go. And that's where she went wrong, since he hops out of the car. And tells her to bring him back a piece of cake if "the old gal's candle blow is clean and dry."The guys prepare. Raj has low-carb beer, hundred-calorie snacks, and an extra Y chromosome, apparently. He can lend it to Howard, who knuckled under and invited Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) to join them for the weekend. And Sheldon enjoys Howard's 'whipped' app even more than he did.Amy goes to sulk to Penny, but since she knew Sheldon didn't cheat on her, she would need details. Amy was given crap about her lack of a boyfriend throughout the party. ("Is he real or did you make him up like Armen, the miniature horse breeder?") It was more than just having a boyfriend, it was being able to show off Sheldon.AMY: Think about it, I'm dating Sheldon Cooper. He's handsome, he's lanky, he's brilliant, and his skin has that pale, waxy quality.PENNY: Well, sickly is the new sexy.Penny tells her the bad part about being in a relationship is that it leaves you open to getting hurt.AMY: Do you ever worry about Leonard doing that to you?PENNY: That's hilarious! No.Penny suggests they play quarters, but then they have to stop before Penny dies of alcohol poisoning. (AMY: I used to throw a lot of coins into wishing wells hoping for friends. After a while, you start doing trick shots to keep things interesting.) Penny tries to school Amy with some Girlfriend 101 material. Withholding sex will only work with Sheldon once he hits puberty, and the "silent treatment" is a magical evening for Sheldon. So, it's right to Plan C: make a scene.BTW, if you think Bernadette is overly-cute most of the time, when it comes to gaming, her cuteness is actually a bit annoying, particularly when she tries to kill the bad guys by pointing at the screen and going "pew! pew! pew!" Although shouting "whee!" to make the land speeder go is kind of cute. (And yes, her laptop is pink.) BTW, in gaming, Bernadette likes to be in one of those couples where they wear matching clothes. (Cue the whipped app.) And since Bernadette is supposed to heal the team but only heals Howard ("My Howie Wowie has an owie."), Amy interrupting is quite blissful for everyone. She threatens to leave Sheldon for Armen. ("Armen who?" "Dammit!") But Penny has her back...and is smushing her face as well. Sheldon concedes that calling him her boyfriend isn't enough if she can't lord it over others. He gives her some Cooper Coupons as restitution.PENNY: Sheldon, you can't give her your stupid...AMY: Calfornia Science Center? Redeem!!And those who crap on the show for bringing in Amy and Bernadette, Raj feels your pain.RAJ: None of you may realize it, but I was very much looking forward to this weekend. It was going to be just like the old days. The four of us, hanging out, playing video games, before all of you got girlfriends. Do you have any idea what it's like to be the only one without a girlfriend?? Even if I get one someday, I'll still be the guy who got a girlfriend AFTER SHELDON COOPER!!!!PENNY: And that's how a girl makes a scene.Penny apologizes to Raj and takes Amy with her, mainly to hold her hair as she threw up. Bernadette takes the hint and leaves as well.RAJ: This is how it's supposed to be. Men fighting the forces of evil. (sips his beer) I can't believe this is only 64 calories.And the guys enjoy the weekend...until Howard's mother stops by and screams at him for turning off his phone and making her spend a half-hour walking up those ferkakta stairs.HOWARD: That's my ride, gotta go.SHELDON: (whipped app)
