Everybody is gathered at The Cheesecake Factory, although Penny (Kaley Cuoco) would prefer Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) wait on the guys, as Priya (Aarti Mann) is with them. Bernadette offers to spill hot soup on her, but Penny doesn't want her to become that kind of person. Although she has the green light to make any low-fat orders from Priya as artery-clogging as she wants. And Sheldon (Jim Parsons) accidentally drinks Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) water. You can imagine the reaction, as every potential pathogen from Leonard is now in Sheldon's mouth, to say nothing about the fact his tongue has been in contact with Priya's on more than a few pleasant occasions. And somehow, Sheldon even managed to insult India somewhere in there, too. As Sheldon goes to the bar to gargle with alcohol, Priya asks Bernadette and Howard (Simon Helberg) if they told Howard's mother about their engagement yet. Howard thought to wait for a more appropriate time...like her eulogy. Priya thinks he should do it, and Howard asks the pot if she told her parents about the "short glass of skim milk" next to her. But Indian parents are VERY protective, whereas Jewish mothers have a "la ti da" approach to raising their sons.Bernadette is having a get-to-know-you lunch with Howard's mother. Howard is afraid his mother will swallow her whole and spit out the bones like an owl. And having gotten home to find his mother on the toilet, he probably wishes it went that way. But his mother did think she was lovely, so Howard breaks the news...and there's a LOOONG uncomfortable silence, followed by someone falling down. And it wasn't Howard.In the laundry, Penny was happy to talk with Sheldon, as she had to keep her distance from the guys because of Priya. However, Sheldon explaining the effects of time on String Theory wasn't what she had in mind. But she didn't mind hearing the jibber-jabber...until Sheldon was ready to explain the origins of the phrase jibber-jabber. ("You're going to jibber-jabber about jibber-jabber?") Fortunately, Leonard rushes in to tell them about Howard's mother being in the hospital. They head out...except for Sheldon, who is frozen in panic about it. ("To the hospital? Full of sick people? I don't think so!") Sheldon isn't afraid of germs; only the ones that will kill him. Penny points out Sheldon wears all of these superhero t-shirts yet won't step up to the plate when his friend is in trouble. That worked. Although he warned them his aunt caught something in the hospital visiting his uncle and died a week later. ("They share a coffee can on my mother's mantle.")At the hospital, Howard talks about finally breaking down the door (his first attempt landed him a broken arm) and carrying his mother to the car (with a broken arm) and to the hospital. The doctors think she had a heart attack and were running tests, although Sheldon thinks she's more likely to die from one of the "antibiotic-resistant super-bugs infesting every nook and cranny of the hospital." Bernadette asked him what made her have a heart attack, and she correctly guessed it was telling his mother about the engagement.HOWARD: You can't take that personally. Ever since my dad left, I've been the whole world to my mother. She'd be threatened by any woman who could give me what she can't.BERNADETTE: (shocked) You mean sexual intercourse?HOWARD: Well, when you say it like that, you make it sound creepy.And Bernadette was freaking out. And speaking of freaking out, Priya and Penny were actually talking. Priya thought it was very nice of Penny to come down to the hospital, and Penny said it's what she'd do for a friend. Yeah, she just called Howard a friend. Given she broke his nose once for sticking his tongue down her throat, it is a bit weird. But it's much less weird than Raj (Kunal Nayyar), who apparently had a similar group of friends in India that dressed up in leotards and goggles and called themselves the New Delhi Power Rangers.PENNY: You mean when he was little.PRIYA: Not as little as you'd want him to be.They headed for the cafeteria, and Leonard was certain it was fine, even though Raj put the thought into his head of his ex-girlfriend sharing with his current girlfriend why they broke up. Between that and sending Sheldon off in a panic for drinking his water while hiding the mouthwash, Raj is "a mean little man" today. But fortunately, Penny's only advice to Priya was not to doze off during sex and appreciate the increible amount of foreplay Leonard goes through. (He never got praise from his mother; it's very Freudian.)Bernadette was having doubts about being with Howard if the thought of it would kill his mother. ("It's the circle of life. One day, our son will marry someone and it will kill you.") Fortunately, the doctor said Howard's mother didn't have a heart attack. Howard wanted to visit her, but his mother said she wanted to see "the little Catholic girl" first. While the doctor prescribed Xanax for Howard's mother for bringing home a Catholic girl, Sheldon had to hide from a coughing patient...and ended up in a patient's room with a highly infectious disease. And Sheldon was in for the evening.Bernadette returns, and Howard is a putz. It turns out Howard's mother got food poisoning from her lunch with Bernadette and wanted to make sure she was OK. Howard apparently made up the story about a heart attack caused by him telling his mother the news about the engagement. Howard's mother thought he was lucky to have such a lovely girl. Bernadette was not happy and walked out.HOWARD: Where are you going?BERNADETTE: (sounding VERY MUCH like Howard's mother) To the toilet! Is that OK with you?!?HOWARD: Is it me, or does she sound sexy when she's angry?But give Howard and the guys credit: they stood right by Sheldon...in Hazmat suits while he works off his two-week quarantine after being exposed to a deadly disease.
