Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is in the middle of the North Sea and the weather's rough. Of course, that doesn't stop Sheldon (Jim Parsons) from calling him and accusing him of putting the Back to the Future Part II (1989) in the Back to the Future Part III (1990) case and vice versa. Then Leonard hears a roar coming from the sea, and Sheldon tells him someone's released a Kraken. Suddenly Leonard is pulled overboard by an octopus-like arm and Sheldon screams in terror! Yes, it was a nightmare and he high-tails it to Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) and asks her if she's had any nightmares because she was missing Leonard. But he admitted to having a bad dream. ("Back to the Future II was in the Back to the Future III case.") But Penny relents and "admits" she would feel better of Sheldon slept over in her apartment. So he does...right in her bed.At the university, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was missing Lucy, if thinking an oil-shaped stain in the parking garage was shaped like her could be an indication. Howard (Simon Helberg) suggests Raj go to the post-doc mixer that night and find someone now that he can talk to women without alcohol. But Raj wants to know how he can meet women when he sees Lucy everywhere, even in his chicken pot pie? So Howard smashes the hell out of the thing. Raj is not happy with him, but Howard decides to be his wing man since Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) are away at a science conference together. Raj asks Sheldon to join them.SHELDON: I want you to be happy, too. But not enough to do anything about it.At the conference, Bernadette doesn't want to do dirty talk with Howard in front of Amy and Amy couldn't convince Sheldon she wouldn't bring home bed bugs. Needless to say, both of them needed a drink from the bar. Which two gentlemen at the bar were willing to provide them. Amy was ecstatic. (AMY: Guys are hitting on us and not just to get to Penny!) But they figured they had to come clean because they already had significant others. Bernadette couldn't help but wonder if Amy should talk to one of them anyway. No one would blame her.BERNADETTE: You're not married and you're boyfriend's kind of...Shelon.AMY: (offended) And your husband is extremely Howard. What's your point?Bernadette tried to apologize but Amy wasn't in a forgiving mood.How much does Sheldon miss Leonard? He wants to play Star Trek 3-D chess with Penny. She's not so thrilled, but Sheldon refused to admit he missed the way Leonard would make a smiley face on his waffles with the syrup or fix his zippers when they get stuck (yes, that one, too...which he asks Penny to fix in Leonard's absence). So Penny relents and would be happy about it...if Sheldon didn't try to prolong the game by tanking his moves. She decides to call Leonard, which of course Sheldon couldn't care less about. ("OH GOODY! PUT HIM ON SPEAKERPHONE!") But Leonard can't hear them...because of the party going on at 5AM his time. But they had to go because there was an iceberg...or at least someone yelling the word, which meant the entire crew had to take a shot of alcohol.Raj was successful in talking to a woman at the social...who made Lucy look like a party girl by comparison. But to make things worse, Mrs. Davis (Regina King), the lady from HR the guys got in trouble with last year, stopped in and was not in a partying mood given her husband left her for an undergrad. Still things could get even worse...if Raj said to her he recently read an article on the infidelity of penguins. ("So if the fact your husband left you makes you feel unattractive, penguins get cheated on, and they're adorable!")Getting ready for bed, Amy finally relented and admitted she was flattered to have those two guys buy them drinks. Just for fun, they decided which they would have taken. Amy would have gone for the shorter one with the goofy haircut who was staring at her rack, while Bernadette thought she'd take the tall, quiet one who looked a bit standoffish and socially inexperienced because she could then show a thing or two in the bedroom. (give it a second...)Penny was mad as hell Leonard was partying. And the worst part was..."having to process her emotional pain without vodka." (Sheldon thinks so.) Penny wants to be comforted, and we all know how good Sheldon is at that. Penny wants him to stop, particularly when he guesses she's upset because she thinks Leonard is having drunken coitus with someone else, but Sheldon was obligated to comfort her because he promised Leonard he would take care of Penny while he was gone. He was promised a sailor's hat if he did. So he goes all out, even getting her a hot beverage. ("In a to-go cup. Make of that what you will.") Penny wants to talk, so Sheldon admits he owns 9 pairs of pants and 9 pairs of underpants. Penny decides to take the lead and admit she once did a topless scene in a low-budget slasher movie about a deranged gorilla and was ashamed of herself for doing it. Fortunately, Serial Apeist never got to DVD. Which of course means Howard found it on the Internet. And showed it the guys the day she moved in. Sheldon understood how personal the talk was, so he admitted he didn't like when YouTube changed its rating system, even though he tells people he was OK with it. Penny was upset thinking that's all she got, but Sheldon's feelings were hurt because what he told her was very personal. She didn't think it was a big deal. (SHELDON: It was to me.) Penny apologized for not taking it seriously.PENNY: How about a hug?SHELDON: How about a hearty handshake? (they hug) Now I know how you felt getting mauled by that sex-crazed gorilla.Raj finds Mrs. Davis and apologizes for his insensitivity earlier and says they have something in common: they're both "in the throes of heartbreak." And tells her about it. But they have a lovely conversation, and Raj told her he was at the social to pick up some post-doc girls but had a much better time as a result of connecting with her on a human level. Raj thinks they had a moment.Oh, and we do get to see Penny mauled by the sex-crazed gorilla.LEONARD: Yes, that's my girlfriend, I swear to God!
