Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) encounter quite a find at Stuart's comic book store: a sword from . Sheldon thinks they should hold out for Excalibur if they were going to start a sword collection, but Leonard buys it, haggling Stuart down to $210 from $250. Sheldon, on the other hand, really needed to work on his negotiating skills. However, when Evil  arrives at the store to pick up a rare Batman comic, Sheldon finds the sword quite handy. Wil invites everybody to his house for a party, and Stuart hopes and prays it isn't another 'Wil Wheaton Sausage Fest'. Leonard is happy to go, but Sheldon thinks it's the perfect opportunity to show up Wil and walk out on him. Leonard wasn't exactly planning that.As the gang (all seven) meet for dinner, Sheldon compares his friendship with Leonard to Schrodinger's Cat: either he hates Leonard or likes him, depending on whether Leonard is going to Wil's party. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) impresses Sheldon by remembering the concept of Schrodinger's Cat without any hints. Although Penny remembers a cat getting stuck in her brother's truck "and we didn't need to open it to know there was all kinds of dead cat in there." Amy (Mayim Bialik) was quite smitten.AMY: Homespun stories, knowledge of physics, and a bosom that defies it. You're the whole package, aren't you.Howard (Simon Helberg) comes in with some big news: his team's project was picked by NASA to be included on the deep-field telescope heading for the International Space Station. Even better, Howard gets to go up to the space station as a payload specialist. However, as Bernadette accurately pointed out, without a NASA shuttle to take him there, Howard would have to train in Russia to fly with them. Everybody is ecstatic, except for Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), who has some concerns about how safe the Russian space vehicles are. Not to mention all of the time involved with training.HOWARD: There's a saying we have at NASA: what makes the right stuff so right is that it always comes home.BERNADETTE: Just stop talking, Howard.She's not happy he didn't talk to her about it first, so he apologizes and tries again. And she rejects him. She admitted her father was a cop and she had a hard time wondering if he would come home every night. Howard was sympathetic and told her his father left when he was eleven and never came back.BERNADETTE: Oh, boo-hoo! You're not going into space!Back at the apartment, Amy is getting annoyed with Sheldon alternating being nice and being mean to Leonard, so she asks him how Wil Wheaton got on his list of mortal enemies. (61 of them.) And everybody groaned as Sheldon explained how Wil blew off a convention Sheldon rode 600 miles by bus to see, "because apparently he thought it was cooler to be the lower-left corner on . And since the disk where Sheldon kept his list of 61 mortal enemies failed, the quality-control expert at Verbatim Corporation back in 1989 was #62.Back at Howard's, Bernadette apologizes for her behavior earlier and told Howard she didn't want to be the one to get in the way of his dreams. They make-up and Bernadette goes to brush her teeth. Well...HOWARD'S MOM: OVER MY DEAD BODY MY SON GOES INTO OUTER SPACE!!!!The guys side with Howard for Bernadette betraying him like that, although Sheldon finds it interesting Leonard is agreeing, as evil always thinks it's doing right. ("Hey Stormtrooper, these ARE the droids you're looking for.") Penny and Amy have to agree, even though Bernadette was worried about Howard going into space, as "he once got an asthma attack from reading an old library book." (PENNY: I was there. Sheldon threw his back out handing him that book.)BERNADETTE: Oh God, you're right. I took our love and threw it under his bus-sized mother!Penny thinks Bernadette needs to fix this, but she tells her to make 100% certain she loves and wants to marry Howard. She does, and Penny and Amy bite their tongues on anything else they had to say. She goes to Howard and apologizes, saying she only did what she did because she loved him and was worried about him. He said not to say it if she wasn't willing to accept he wanted to go to Mars and pilot a one-man sub to the deepest depths of the ocean. (BERNADETTE: You got seasick on Pirates of the Caribbean.) But they make-up and make out.HOWARD'S MOTHER: MAKE UP ALL YOU WANT! YOUR TUCHIS IS NOT LEAVING THIS PLANET!!!Leonard gives Sheldon his last chance to join Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and him at the party, and Sheldon refuses to have anything to do with "the one kid from  no one remembers." But then Leonard got a text saying  would also be there. Sheldon tries to fake a lack of interest, and Leonard leaves. However, Sheldon decides Leonard, "his little buddy", is worth fighting for and he goes to Wil's house. Wil surprises Sheldon with his last Ensign Crusher figurine...and signed it, too. Wil was officially off of Sheldon's mortal enemies' list. Brent Spiner, on the other hand...BRENT: (rips open the figurine) Remember when we used to take these things and made them look like they were masturbating?And guess who replaced Wil on Sheldon's list? On the good side, Leonard haggled two signed Mr. Data figurines from Brent and a birthday invite.
