Sheldon's mom has come for a visit. Mary Cooper  is going on a cruise with her church group, the "Born Again Boat Ride," where they have the Jonah and The Whale-watching, Last Supper Buffet (all you can eat, natch), and Gunning With God, where you write your sins on a clay pigeon and blast them with a 12-gauge shotgun full of forgiveness. You can guess how Sheldon (Jim Parsons) feels about it.SHELDON: Frankly Mom, I'm encouraged to see how advanced your group has become. Willing to sail on the ocean without fear of falling off the edge?Mary was none too happy with that, and she was less thrilled that Sheldon got the fixings for fried chicken...and assumed she would make it. However Leonard (Johnny Galecki), sensitive to the fact she just had a long flight, proposed a sushi restaurant nearby. Sheldon voted that down in favor of the chicken, but Mary didn't feel like cooking and there was no harm in trying something new.SHELDON: There could be harm in trying something new! That's why we test out drugs and cosmetics on bunny rabbits!Leonard thinks Sheldon's talking crazy, but Mary did say she had him tested. Although perhaps she should have followed up with that specialist in Houston.Mary wanted to see sushi that wasn't at a road stop "written in Kung-Fu letters", although Leonard said that may not have been politically correct to say. (Mary needs to be updated, clearly.) Sheldon tells her about Amy's experiments and how she's studying the neurology of addiction in lower animals. ("She's THIS close to getting a starfish hooked on cocaine.") Mary isn't sure of the relationship, but Leonard says it's like the Loch Ness monster: "maybe there's something there, maybe there isn't, we'll never really know. Although sometimes it's fun creeping yourself out thinking about it." Leonard tells Mary about his long-distance relationship with Priya and how her parents don't like him because he's white. (MARY: Well, that's a funny turn. You never think about it going the other way.) But Mary advises Leonard to take his time and not force it.MARY: A cat can have kittens in the oven, but that don't make them biscuits.SHELDON: (ticked) There's another old saying: you can lead a chicken to Crisco, but you can't make your mother fry it.MARY: Sheldon, you pester me one more about chicken one more time and I'll put you over my knee right here in this restaurant.LEONARD: (to Sheldon) Please pester her. Please? For me?Back at the apartment, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was waiting for them with a three-pack of beer. Formerly a six-pack because he was depressed about being alone. (MARY: I thought it was our Indians that had the occasional alcohol problem.) Mary comforts him and tells how the clerk at her Wal-Mart wasn't going to find a man because she was too tall. ("Woman could hunt geese with a rake.") One Harlem Globetrotters tour later, and she has two kids. And Sheldon won't get a pecan pie from his mother, either.LEONARD: Have some Oreos.SHELDON: Double-stuff? (No.) Oh, good. Kick a man while he's down.Sheldon did find an activity to do with his mother the next day: his laundry. That is, until Penny (Kaley Cuoco) arrived and the two ladies got to talking about her love life. Mary told her if she's going to let a man ride the roller coaster, he should at least buy a ticket. (PENNY: Well, they all don't get to ride the roller coaster. Sometimes, they just get to spin the teacups.) But Penny asked Mary to help her pick an outfit out for clubbing that night, and off the ladies went to her apartment. ("When I was your age, you could have me for a car ride and a bottle of strawberry wine!") And Sheldon was left doing his own laundry.Later that day, as Sheldon and the gang finally enjoyed Mom-made fried chicken, Howard (Simon Helberg) tells Mary about his impending trip to the International Space Station, and Sheldon tells Mary about taking her the next day to see Saul Perlmutter, a Nobel laureate in Cosmology. Sheldon was going to take the Q&A session to ask a few Q's certain to kick Saul's A. But everybody else offered to take her sightseeing around L.A. to the Hollywood Sign, the Wax Museum, the Walk of Fame, even Rodeo Drive. ("Well, I can't afford a $12,000 handbag, but it's free to look on those who do with righteous condemnation.")SHELDON: Stop ruining my mom's visit, with your sushi and your sadness and your slutty shirts. Stop it! (storms out)HOWARD: (Raj whispers to him) He's not talking about your shirt. Your shirt is fine!The next morning, Sheldon apologizes to his mother and makes plans for the lecture with Saul Perlmutter. ("When he gets to the part about saying the universe is older than 6,000 years, I figured you could just put your fingers in your ears and hum Amazing Grace during those parts.") Mary was still going out with the gang, which surprised Sheldon because he apologized when he thought he had done nothing wrong. But Mary hung out in enough lecture halls with Sheldon in her life.MARY: I am going to Hollywood and thank a wax Ronald Reagan for his service to our country. Sheldon refuses to move an inch until she changes her mind, which she won't do. Sheldon thinks they're at a crossroads in their relationship.SHELDON: When you're at the Ripley's Believe It or Not Museum, if you see an exhibit about a mother who threw away the chance to spend the day with the World's Most Wonderful Son, believe it because it's true!Sheldon goes to the lecture with Amy (Mayim Bialik) and returned totally disappointed. Amy thinks Sheldon is cranky because his mother isn't making him a priority anymore. Sheldon denies it, of course, despite the infant-mother dynamic being the building block of primate psychology. And Sheldon is upset because Amy pointed out that people who don't overthink things are more capable of handling emotions. Not to mention the cold he's catching. ("Oh, the common cold. You would just love for me to catch that, wouldn't you.")It turns out Mary's tour of L.A. was to see churches. Lots of them. Although Raj was impressed at the image of Jesus on the crucifix. None of the Hindu gods had abs like Him.HOWARD: Yup, the last Jew to do sit-ups. Look where it got Him.Mary gathers everybody together to do some praying, which nobody really wanted to do. But she really needed it in the middle of a "rosary rattler" church (her term for Catholic) in Gomorrah, California. ("Thank you for the blessings of my Shelly and the strength not to coldcock him with my Bible.") Then it was Penny's turn, who asks God to stop her brother from cooking crystal meth. ("But no cops. Be cool.") Mary also asks God to send Penny that little "talk" He had with Mary Magdalene. Leonard asks for some help with Priya. (MARY: Hear that? Girl trouble. We were both wrong on that front.") Howard hoped he was exempt because he was Jewish; he was just hoping not to burst into flames. Raj was next, and he asked (through Howard) to help with dropping those last five pounds. Mary thought he should have gone with that talking-to-girls thing, but it was too late.On a park bench at night, Sheldon lamented he was just the same as the "common man" sitting next to him on the bench. ("Two peas in a pod. A common pea, and a pea that comes along once or twice in a generation.") Only the common pea was smart enough to have an umbrella when it started raining. Everybody else was back at the apartment enjoying Mary's cooking. Sheldon comes home with a nasty cold, and Mary takes him to his bed and cares for him. Sheldon thanks her for taking care of only him...and sticks his tongue out at everybody else. While putting Vap-O-Rub on his chest, she insisted there had to be a different relationship because Sheldon wasn't eight anymore. Although she would still sing "Soft Kitty" to him.
