As we all know, Sheldon is a creature of habit. Well, if you define creature like the one that Steve McQueen tried to kill in The Blob. Even when the rules say so, he is very upset when a routine changes. The boys are having Thai food on a Thursday night, which is ordinarily reserved for pizza. However, the third Thursday of every month is "Anything Can Happen Thursday." However, Sheldon's digestive system might pull an Anything Can Happen Thursday. What the guys call a rut, Sheldon calls consistency. However, since Sheldon was outvoted, he decides they should go to the comic book store, even though they were just there the previous night. After all, it's Anything Can Happen Thursday."Way to think outside but pressed up against the box, Sheldon." You can guess Leonard's opinion of the comic book store. However, Howard proffers a suggestion: Thursday nights are Ladies' Night at bars across America. You have to love his mathematics on the subject: as the night progresses, he feels that the guys will get better looking thanks to 99-cent margaritas and two-for-one Jello shots. There is, of course, one tiny detail: there's no way in hell that will work. However, Howard is undaunted, reminding the group of the Drake Equation.SHELDON: "You mean the one that estimates the probability of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of increasing restrictive series of fractional values, such those stars with planets, and those planets likely to develop life, N = R x FP x NE x FL x FI x FC x L?" (Attention, Chuck Lorre Productions: you now have the tape you should submit to get Jim Parsons nominated for an Emmy.)HOWARD: "Yeah! That one. You can modify it to calculate the chance of us having sex by using the number of single women in Los Angeles by the number of those who might find us attractive, and what I call the Wolowitz Coefficient: neediness times dress size squared."Leonard and Raj are suddenly inspired. "Let's go, bitches! Lock up your daughters! We're going to hit it and quit it!"And as they head to the comic book store (really, you can't go to a bar after Raj's line), they meet Penny in the hall, who has an unusual request. She needs a comic book for her 13-year-old nephew. She should have been more specific, as Sheldon deconstructs every little "error" in her request, such as only saying "comic" and not specifying a particular Spider-Man. Since Sheldon starts badgering her over whether it should be the Amazing Spider-Man, the Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, the Marvelous Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099, etc, she relents and joins them on the quest.At the comic book store, it doesn't take long for everybody in it to stare at Penny. Leonard reassuring her that they're more scared of her than she is of them is no help at all. While Raj and Howard wax philosophical about how pathetic the guys in the comic book store are (and Howard spots a new Batman belt buckle), Penny has found something she likes: Stuart, the owner. Having spotted Leonard, he comes over and offers his assistance. For a comic-book store owner, he's pretty smooth. ("Blink twice, Penny, if you're here against your will.") Leonard doesn't want Penny to worry about Stuart, as he is actually a really great artist and not everybody in a comic book store is a weirdo.PENNY: "OK, but what about the guy over there with the superhero t-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?"LEONARD: "Ah, yeah. That's Captain Sweatpants. He doesn't really help the point I'm trying to make."As Sheldon and Howard fight over a Batman comic they both need (after going through 50 they already have---EACH!), Penny decides to enlist Stuart's help.PENNY: "What would you recommend for a 13-year-old boy?"STUART: "A 13-year-old girl?"He does give her a comic book to take to him, along with a pretty sketch of her. Well, it's only Penny if she likes it. She wants the picture and is willing to trade for it...with her phone number. She does drive a hard bargain. ("So Leonard, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?")Back at the apartment, Sheldon is enjoying the comic he grabbed from Howard, but clearly Leonard is upset. He even turned off the Deep Space Nine-Star Trek Original Series "Trouble With Tribbles" crossover. (Hell, you turn that off, you're practically suicidal!) Sheldon thinks Leonard needs to talk...so Leonard should start an online blog and invite responses from total strangers. Leonard can't figure out why Penny would be interested in Stuart instead of him, as they're practically the same.SHELDON: "Oh, no. I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed, and most importantly gets 45% off of comic books." (Leonard gets the blog started.)The next night is a relief for Sheldon: Chinese food and vintage video games like normal. Before they delve into the classic text game of Zork (I wonder if they made their own version like Chuck Bartowski and Bryce Larkin did), Penny heads out on a date...with Stuart. Stuart has a work of art on display at a gallery, and the two of them are going to see it. This clinches it for Leonard: "Howard, take me to a bar with women!" Howard is only too happy to do so, after he takes off his underwear. ("If I'm going to get lucky, I don't want it to be in my Aquaman briefs!") Sounds like good advice to Leonard and Raj; they take theirs off, too.At the bar, it's time to talk strategy. Rule #1, no Grasshoppers for Raj. Rule #2, no Chocolate Martinis for Raj. He could order those drinks at many L.A. bars, but he wouldn't need them to talk to the women that wouldn't be there in those bars. ("I'll have a Brandy Alexander.") Leonard wants to get an early start, but Howard advises patience. Let the lawyers and the jocks thin out the herd, then he and Leonard go after the old, weak, and lame. (All chicks with seeing-eye dogs, Howard calls dibs.)Penny and Stuart are home from the gallery, mainly because Captain Sweatpants showed up and touched all the cheese. Penny invites him in for coffee, but Stuart thinks it's a little late for coffee. ("Oh, you think "coffee" means coffee. That's so sweet.") She covers by saying she has decaf. (She is SO "5" tonight.) Sheldon emerges in the hall and agrees that it might be a little late for coffee. ("It's OK, she has decaf.") But Sheldon has a problem: he's been in an online chatroom all night arguing that the original Robin, Dick Grayson, is the natural successor to the Batman cowl if Bruce Wayne is indeed dead. Stuart completely disagrees. Sheldon is shocked.PENNY: "I found the decaf!"STUART: "Great!"SHELDON: "Herbal tea for me, please." Yes, it had to happen eventually: Penny just got ****-blocked by one of the guys.Speaking of not getting any (no, this isn't a story about me), Raj is feeling no pain with his Brandy Alexanders and Howard keeps shooting down possible candidates for Leonard. They settle one a pair of women. One of them is wearing a whiplash collar and one keeps blinking. Since Leonard thinks Blinky is cute, Howard launches into strategy. Leonard will pretend to trip while Howard claims he's had too much...FUN! However, Leonard doesn't feel that doing the multiple-handkerchiefs-in-his-mouth trick will get these women. Howard's other strategy wouldn't work, since Leonard doesn't know Howard's ventriloquist routine.Back at the apartment, Sheldon and Stuart continue to argue about Batman. Sheldon can't believe Stuart when he thinks that Joe Chill, murderer of Bruce Wayne's parents, has been restored to the Batman mythology. They could ask Penny...if they dared wake her up on the couch. Sheldon advises against it, as Penny will maul him like a rabid wolverine.There is a synergy, though, between Leonard and Penny. Penny is sleeping alone, and Leonard wishes he was right now. Leonard has to watch Howard make a fool of himself trying to hit on women and take the blame for him striking out. They finally give up and go to collect Raj...if they can untie him from the slightly large woman making out with him.In the morning, Raj is becoming familiar with the term "coyote ugly." However, rather than chew his arm off to escape, he takes comfort in the fact that he's the only one of the 5 who got any last night.
