Raj (Kunal Nayyar) brings up a lunch-appropriate topic: how do zombies starve to death if they can't find any human flesh to eat, since they're already dead? Leonard (Johnny Galecki) refers to , although he probably meant , because 28 Days was where Sandra Bullock turned the audience into the undead. Dr. Siebert (), president of the University, invites the guys to a party at his mansion, which everybody but Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is excited about. He doesn't want the guys taking the candy and getting into the windowless van until he hears why. When he hears it's for a fundraiser for the university, that was the tear-stained mattress in the back of the windowless van. But Dr. Siebert threatens to blind Sheldon with a hot spoon like they did to the little boy in  if he doesn't go. (RAJ: Oooh, you don't want that.)Penny (Kaley Cuoco) helps Leonard with his attire, although the tie needs a little work, as does Howard's (Simon Helberg) dickie. But Howard's mother picked out his attire, so... Howard, Raj, and Leonard take off without Sheldon, who refuses to go. Dr. Siebert introduces them to Mrs. Latham (), who is one of the biggest benefactors to the university. Like Sheldon, she questions why Howard doesn't have a PhD, but Howard explains engineers don't usually stay in for their degrees, and he's already designed the waste disposal system on the International Space Station. ("So you're a space plumber.")Back at home, Sheldon videochats with Amy (Mayim Bialik), who points out to him the social aspects of kissing up to those who give money to the university. Even Amy was able to charm a Saudi prince into funding her lab. ("Technically, Faisal is my fiance. But I do have a state-of-the-art two-photon microscope and a place to stay in Riyadh in the winter.") Instead of millions of dollars going to the Physics Department, it might go to the Geology Department. Or worse...Liberal Arts. That's enough for Sheldon, who makes a beeline to the party. However, he asks nobody touch him and just give him the money. And Dr. Siebert decided Sheldon didn't need to attend any more parties.It turns out Mrs. Latham likes parties such as the one they're at, since one of the fun things to do when you have a lot of money is make other people feel uncomfortable. And she takes Leonard out to dinner the following evening, where he tries to pitch his need for a cryogenic centrifugal pump and a molecular sieve. And she wants to take it to the next level...by sticking her tongue down his throat. Just a bit uncomfortable.Leonard comes home to Penny and Sheldon watching 28 Days, and Penny promises Sheldon Sandra Bullock will be eaten by the zombies soon. Leonard tells everybody about his evening. Raj is shocked, Howard thinks he's a lucky duck, and Sheldon is all set to prepare Leonard to go back to her tomorrow night.SHELDON: Penny, you're an expert on trading sexual favors for material gain. Walk him through this.Leonard refuses, but Sheldon can't believe it. ("Leonard, this may be your only chance to make a contribution to science!") Leonard will try one more above-board pitch to get the funding, but Sheldon provided him with baby oils, condoms, and something he got from the Pharmacology Department that was "to Viagra as Viagra was to a green M&M." He even found Leonard an online picture of a 25-year-old Mrs. Latham. ("Check out those saddle shoes. Rawr!") Leonard is ready to kill Sheldon but leaves instead.SHELDON: (chasing after Leonard) Given how much time you spend engaging in self-abuse, you just might want to consider using your genitalia for once to actually accomplish something!In the limo, Mrs. Latham assures Leonard she planned to donate the money to his department and there was no quid pro quo to it. Mrs. Latham told him he was handsome and she thought herself a fool for someone her age to think she had a shot with someone like Leonard. Although she did tell him she would have given him a night he'd never forget. Leonard is hesistant, but she asks how he thought she landed such a rich husband. ("Yup, I'm that good.") And they go the full Dustin Hoffman-Anne Bancroft on each other. It is quite the walk of shame home for Leonard, and Penny was all too happy to point out the "slut" finally made it home.SHELDON: I'm so proud of you! You sold yourself out like a common streetwalker! Get your rest, because there's a lot more rich old ladies out there, and Daddy needs a new linear accelerator!
