The boys have just returned from a Renaissance Faire in full regalia. Unfortunately, it was not authentic enough for Sheldon's taste. He apparently wanted authentic mead not served in polypropylene flagons. Of course, Howard does not care about this because he appreciates the Faire is "an opportunity to take chubby girls working at Kinko's and lacing them up in corsets so tight, their bosom jumps out and says "Howdy." Heading up the stairs, they run into Penny with a new hairstyle and a new guy, Eric. After several awkward seconds, everybody goes their separate ways. Leonard doesn't think it was awkward...or fun. Fortunately, his chain-mail wedgie takes his mind off of it, to say nothing about where Sheldon got the material to make his historically-accurate underwear. (Leonard may want to consider changing his pillowcase.)In the guys' apartment, Leonard is confronted about his dating history...or lack thereof. His history consists of Leslie Winkle and Joyce Kim. He also had a date at last year's ComicCon, but that doesn't count within the realm of ComicCon, according to Raj. He implemented the rule after making out with an Orion slave girl...named Richard. The guys convince Leonard to make a date. Since Joyce Kim defected back to North Korea, Leonard's options seem to be limited. Sheldon, constantly ridiculed by Leslie, does not seem to agree with this.At the university's cafeteria, Sheldon and Leonard are eating lunch when Leslie walks in. Sheldon quickly walks out after exchanging a few unpleasantries with her. Leslie tells Leonard that she heard about his breakup with Penny, and she wants to try a relationship. Apparently, she's reached "a time in every woman's life where she's tired of waking up on a strange futon with a bunch of people she doesn't know. Leslie wants to slow things down, and who better to slow down with than Leonard. She tells him to order Chinese, get an art film that's still accessible, and there would be light petting but no coitus. But she'll let Leonard make the plans, since he's the man.Back home, Leonard is setting up for the date, but Sheldon has other plans. He wants to rock Mario old-school with his Nintendo 64. Leonard patiently asks Sheldon to give him the apartment. After much debate (and Leonard promising to give up the apartment if Sheldon ever meets someone from his species), Sheldon abandons the apartment...for the stairs.Penny meets Sheldon on the stairs as she heads out on her date. She wonders why he's on the stairs and not at a movie or a coffee shop. Sheldon is afraid of choking on his popcorn and hates bearclaws. Leslie's arrival doesn't seem to help either of them. Sheldon's convinced "the only way Leslie could contribute to science is if they resume sending chimps into space."Leonard and Leslie's date seems to be going OK. Leslie does seem to plan ahead, though. She wants to know how many kids Leonard wants and what genetic weaknesses are in his family. Sheldon interrupts to get an extension cord for the laptop. Fortunately Leonard can continue with the date, after Sheldon interrupts again to make pee-pee. As Leslie leaves, they are prepared to have another date, assuming Leonard waits the minimum 18 hours to call so that she is not repulsed by his cloying eagerness. They get interrupted again, but by Penny and Eric this time. They're returning from their date, and Penny is trying to explain Schroedinger's Cat to him. After an awkward hello, Leonard kisses Leslie goodnight in Penny's presence. Seeing this, Penny kisses Eric goodnight. Leslie, catching on, decides to help Leonard and returns his kiss...hard. Now its Penny's turn to up the ante. Finally, cooler heads prevail, and both couples break their respective kisses.At the university the next day, Raj has a way of getting Sheldon to go back to the Renaissance Faire: he can dress up as a Starfleet science officer and study an ancient civilization. Leslie joins the group, but they need to switch tables. Sheldon refuses to move and forces Leonard to choose between sitting with him and sitting with Leslie and the guys. The choice isn't that hard.Leonard and Leslie have another date, as evidenced by Sheldon's latest foray on the stairwell with Mario. Penny talks with him. Sheldon asks her for help. He now WANTS Penny to date Leonard. He wants Penny to "give it the ol' college try. Or in your case, the ol' community college try." Truth be told, the issue has to do with Sheldon and Leslie's attitudes toward each other. Penny only wants to be friends with Leonard for now. She asks Sheldon to give Leonard his support as a friend. "But why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonard is truly my friend, why can't he support me and my hatred of Leslie Winkle?" Apparently, "love trumps hate" is not a sufficient answer for Sheldon.Sheldon decides its time to accept the relationship, despite the fact that Leslie "actually believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than string theory." That's over the line, as far as Leslie is concerned. And don't get her started on Sheldon's theory that matter is made of tiny strings. Now she turns on Leonard, demanding that he defend her. He wants to just play referee in this and make peace. She wants him to agree with her on loop quantum gravity, but Leonard seems to agree with Sheldon on this matter. Sadly, this is a deal-breaker for Leslie, and she leaves. But Sheldon does have some heart, reminding Leonard that it's only 9 more months to ComicCon.
