Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) have different ideas regarding shaking things up. For Leonard, it means trying Tex-Mex for dinner; for Sheldon, it's contemplating what would have happened if humans evolved from lizards instead of apes. So Leonard tries for another dinner idea. Seeing Penny (Kaley Cuoco) in her apartment and a pleasant exchange of smiles gives him the impetus to ask her out for dinner. She thinks it's with everybody but Leonard meant just her. Which elicited a WOOOO! from Amy (Mayim Bialik), Bernadette, and the live studio audience. She says yes, which elicited an even bigger WOOOO! from Amy, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), and the live studio audience. Sheldon was equally excited, although his was about his cardboard cutout of Mr. Spock. Only, as it turns out, two people played Mr. Spock.SHELDON: Live long and suck it, Zachary Quinto!Bernadette was excited about Leonard and Penny possibly getting together because they could double-date, even though they could have done that with Amy and Sheldon...and Bernadette wishes she hadn't said anything. Penny asks Amy and Bernadette for advice on her attire for the date. A revealing green dress gets approval from Amy but a thumbs-down from Bernadette. Penny rejects it, leaving Amy to declare Bernadette can't handle Penny's raw sexuality. A loose-fitting outfit gets a pass from Bernadette and an "Oh, come on!" from Amy. Penny has no plans to sleep with Leonard, but Amy wonders if she would if he was dying. If he was "she could throw him in bed and ride him until he flatlines." Penny finally decides to wear what she wants and not worry about anything; it's just dinner. Amy isn't worried; if things don't work out, Bernadette can always double-date with her. (BERNADETTE: Change your clothes; we've got a lot riding on this.)At the guys' apartment, Sheldon wants to build a road for their board game and asks Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) if they have wood. (cue Beavis and Butt-Head) Sheldon can't understand why they were laughing; he needed wood to build his bridge and he only had sheep. "Do either of you have wood for my sheep?" (Seriously, did stop by the set that week?) Leonard comes in all dressed up for the date and Howard is quick to ask him why he was doing it. Raj reminded Leonard it took "two years and defiling my sister" for Leonard to get over Penny. Sheldon thinks Penny is the complete opposite to Leonard's first attraction: to his mother. (Says so in her book Needy Baby, Greedy Baby.) He leaves, and Sheldon keeps pestering the guys for more wood. (SHELDON: I just want wood! Why are you making it so hard?)On the date, Leonard wonders if there was something they call going on a date with someone you used to have a relationship with. 'Awkward' is Penny's guess. Leonard suggests they pretend they're on a blind date, which Penny likes. She tells him she was from Nebraska and moved to L.A. to become an actress. After four years, she had done a hemorrhoid commercial and a production of Anne Frank above a bowling alley, "so dreams do come true!" Leonard says he's an experimental physicist who works with high-powered lasers and just got a government grant to see if they can be used to knock out ballistic missiles...which they can't. ("But I use the equipment to make my own Bat-signal.")PENNY: (laughing) You are so funny.LEONARD: Good, remember that when I take my shirt off.Penny is liking the concept of the blind date...until Leonard turns it into something more serious by asking if they were going to get back together. And the date left some skidmarks in the pavement. Penny said she would always have feelings for him, and Leonard says that what people always say when they don't want a relationship with someone.LEONARD: This isn't working out, but I'll always have feelings for you. I'm sorry I slept with your best friend, but I'll always have feelings for you. Here's the thing, Lisa: I'm into dudes now, but I'll always have feelings for you.Penny tells him he's always overthinking it and Leonard says Penny makes it worse by saying 'always' about things. But this is when everything goes wrong: when they talk.LEONARD: I don't know how you have a relationship without talking.PENNY: I went out with this one guy, T.J., for eight months, we never talked. To this day, I don't even know what T.J. stands for.LEONARD: Wait, if you guys didn't talk, then...never mind, stupid question.Back home, Sheldon found his wood and began the erection of his settlement. (RAJ: He's got to be doing this on purpose.) Leonard comes home none-too-thrilled, even giving a stinging repost to Howard's mild barb. ("You're 30-years-old and still live with your mother.") But later that night, Leonard gets a text from Penny to go over. "Do not overthink this," she tells him as she lays the mother of all kisses on him and takes him to her bedroom. He tries to say something but gets cut off.PENNY: Not a word.LEONARD: But sometimes I have questions...It works very, very well, but it had to end sometime, and Leonard had the questions at the ready, specifically how a bad date ends up with sex. Penny thinks it's complicated, and at the dinner it felt a bit too real when he asked to get back together.PENNY: What if I do something stupid and dump you again?LEONARD: What if I dump you?PENNY: (gives him a look) Come on, be serious.Leonard suggests they look at it like an upgraded version of their software. 'Penny and Leonard 2.0', as it were. Test it internally, shake out the bugs, and not let the public know until they're certain they're ready. They agree, and Penny even give him one of his old inhalers that she couldn't throw away.LEONARD: (takes some) In 25 to 30 minutes, I'm going to show you how much this means to me.Leonard tries to sneak back into the apartment, but Sheldon catches him. Sheldon grills him about it, and Leonard tries to cover by saying he went to the bathroom...but used another one when Sheldon was in theirs. ("The gas station...across the street.") Without shoes? On a cold night? But he did bring his inhaler, so Sheldon thinks it's plausible. But then, Sheldon found out Leonard didn't make the customary purchase at a gas station for using their bathroom...so he gives Leonard $2 and tells him to go buy some beef jerky. Leonard doesn't want to.SHELDON: It's not about you! It's about a poor immigrant from Pakistan trying to make his way in America by working the graveyard shift at the Colorado Boulevard Chevron!Howard, Bernadette, Amy, Sheldon, and Raj meet at the Cheesecake Factory and wait for Leonard, agreeing to not flaunt their happy relationships (according to Amy) in front of him. Of course, Howard doesn't exactly let it go when Penny comes to wait on their table. But Leonard admits even though it didn't work out, they'll "always" have feelings for each other. Penny takes offense to that and argues with Leonard about being "friends". She walks away from the group. She texts Leonard again later that night. She reams him out for acting like a total jerk instead of telling everybody they're just friends. He thinks he doesn't have to take that and storms into her bedroom.LEONARD: Isn't having sex after fighting kind of what we do now?PENNY: Yeah, kind of, yeah.Leonard tries to figure out why every scenario with Penny ends badly. It's because he overthinks things...like EVERYTHING THAT JUST HAPPENED. The episode from the time they got up the stairs was all in his mind. And Sheldon still needs to know why he'd feel safer with Zachary Quinto at the foot of his bed. (LEONARD: He was pretty bad-ass in Heroes.) Sheldon concedes the point, and Leonard goes to actually ask Penny out on a date.PENNY: Have you thought this through?LEONARD: Yes, and I think we should still go anyway.It turns out, Penny can overthink things as well. And ends up at the altar about fifteen months pregnant. So a stop at the drugstore sounded like a good idea.
