Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), Penny (Kaley Cuoco), and Amy (Mayim Bialik) are unwrapping wedding gifts and come across the gravy boat Sheldon got for them. Apparently it was $88 because Sheldon had engraved "in case of divorce, please return to Sheldon Cooper" on the bottom. (PENNY: One inappropriate---yet I wish I thought of that---gravy boat.) Amy thinks she'll marry Sheldon within four years but doesn't want him to know that because he's a flight risk, plus registering at the UCLA Medical School will help with that pricey cadaver she wants. Sure enough, the conversations turns to Penny and Leonard. Penny says he's great...he's a sweetheart, but for some reason she can't bring herself to say she loves him or wants to marry him. Bernadette thinks Penny will break up with him, but she vehemently denies it. Yet she worries he'll take it the wrong way if she tells him she loves him.PENNY: I don't know. I've been in love before, but it felt different. Maybe this is a new, different, boring kind of love.Penny asks the two of them, but Bernadette says it's not a fair comparison because she's married to a "sexy Buzz Lightyear" and Amy feels her loins on fire when she thinks of Sheldon. (AMY: In the good way, not the urinary tract infection kind.)Meanwhile, the guys are talking to Howard (Simon Helberg) at the International Space Station. However, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) really doesn't need to shout, and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has taken to making that noise we all did in the 1970s when imitating CB radios. (The younger crowd should YouTube "CW McCall Convoy".) Meanwhile Dmitri and Mike Massimino want Howard to clean the toilet like he was supposed to. (DMITRI: If you do a good job, next time we give you a brush.) Howard had to go and deal with "a meteor shower." (MASSIMINO: You want to see a meteor shower, you should see what Dmitri left you in the toilet.)The gang headed to the movies, bringing Stuart (Kevin Sussman) with them, mostly because Raj didn't want to sit without anybody. Sheldon naturally protested, but since Stuart went to art school, which was equally ridiculous as Howard going to MIT, Sheldon let it slide. Provided he ate only Raisinets. At the theater, Amy insisted on holding Sheldon's hand. (SHELDON: Of course you like it, you're a girl. You're like all kinds of hippy-dippy things.) Sheldon protests Penny isn't making Leonard (Johnny Galecki) hold hands, but Amy lets slip that Penny may not want to be Leonard's girlfriend anymore. Despite Penny taking a sip from Leonard's diet Dr. Pepper, Amy asks Sheldon to keep it a secret. Which, as we all know, is the one thing Sheldon can't do. Sure enough, Sheldon later is trying not to say anything to Leonard back at the apartment. Although Leonard is sympathetic to Sheldon's tongue not resting on the same spot in his mouth it was before. Tartar buildup, apparently. Leonard promised to take him to the dentist, and Sheldon thanks him quite warmly. Even gave him a "You're good people, Leonard." Sheldon starts to tell him, but then says he can't tell him.LEONARD: Why can't you tell me?SHELDON: I can't tell why I can't tell you. So I guess there's two things I can't tell you.Finally, Sheldon comes up with a way. He admitted to liking the Transformers. (LEONARD: Where EXACTLY did your mother have you tested?) But Sheldon said the Transformers taught us things are not always what they seem. A semi-truck might be a robot or alien, or someone in a romantic relationship might feel differently then they appear to. Leonard figures it out. The guy who is a robot is Sheldon and his relationship with Amy is transforming him into a red-blooded man with sexual desires.SHELDON: That is, literally, the stupidest thing I've ever heard.Later, Sheldon knocks on Leonard's door while he's sleeping. But since he still couldn't tell him, he decides to go to Penny's instead. In her bedroom actually. No, she does not react well, but at least Sheldon didn't get his nose broken like when he tried to steal the Lord of the Rings ring. She's mad he just walked in. (SHELDON: I've seen strange men traipsing in and out of here, but when I do it, it's weird?) Naturally, Sheldon wants to talk up Leonard, pointing out to Penny he has a perfect driving record and enjoys all of the insurance discounts that go with that. (Hubba hubba!) Not to metion, he'd be quite average in height in North Korea. Penny figures out Amy told him and said while it was sweet Sheldon was trying to protect his friend, it was really none of his business. Naturally, Sheldon thought it was because he didn't like when things change, he liked homeostasis, so he wanted Penny to continue dating Leonard, no matter what her feelings were towards him. (SHELDON: And while we're on the subject, you recently changed your shampoo and I don't like it. Please go back to green apple.) Penny tells him to leave, but he has one last request.SHELDON: (very sincerely) Please don't hurt my friend.PENNY: (equally sincerely) That is the last thing I would want to do.SHELDON: Coconut? Really, what are you? A hula girl?Both Sheldon and Penny call Amy. Penny calling because she's ticked at Amy for blabbing to Sheldon and putting her in a bad position and Sheldon to warn her Penny might be calling. (Yes, Penny's call gets there first.)Howard calls Bernadette to complain about Massimino and Dmitri playing tricks on him, such as going on a space walk and gluing a big-eyed rubber alien mask to the outside of his window. (It's on YouTube.) Bernadette says to stand up to them and say bullying is lame. Given Howard didn't want to go on the first space walk with a wedgie and his mother already called NASA about it...and made things worse...he was pretty much out of luck.BTW, Raj and Stuart getting excited about going out to nightclubs to pick up girls sounds even more lame than Raj and Howard getting excited about going out to nightclubs to pick up girls. Sheldon thinks Leonard should go, but Leonard already has Penny. But Penny talks to strangers, pets unfamiliar dogs, and has an apartment that's ridiculously easy to get into. Leonard protests you can't easily replace a person you care about with someone else. (STUART: Please, don't ruin this for me.) Sheldon counters by saying he was upset when they replaced  as The Hulk but it turned out  was much better in . And Sheldon would like to think Leonard's Mark Ruffalo is still out there.Later, Leonard and Penny had dinner. She looked distracted, and Leonard asked her what was wrong. She had something to tell him. But then she looked into the sad puppy eyes he was making, and...AMY: You had sex with him!?!?Penny said she couldn't break up with him when he was giving her the sad puppy eyes.BERNADETTE: Don't worry, you'll have plenty of chances to break up with him. Your wedding day, your honeymoon, your 50th Anniversary...But Penny says she and Leonard are trying to keep things homeostasis. (AMY: It's so cute when she tries.) Then she gets a text from Leonard: Last night was amazing. You're amazing. I'm so lucky to have you in my life. And now Amy and Bernadette are giving her the puppy eyes.On the good side, Howard stood up to the other astronauts and got a full night's sleep for his efforts. And glasses, "froot loops," a beard, and whiskers drawn on him. But Bernadette doesn't have the heart to tell him.
