Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Amy (don't call them Shamy) are enjoying a trivia game they invented called "CounterFactuals," where they postulate a situation in the world that currently doesn't exist and pose questions to each other. Such as the one Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is dumb enough to ask for.SHELDON: In a world where mankind is ruled by a giant, intelligent beaver, what food is no longer consumed?Leonard guesses cinnamon, but the answer is clearly a cheese danish. Since the people would build many dams to appease their overlord and flood the city of Copenhagen, devastating the Danish people enough to never invent their namesake pastry. Sheldon and Amy (Mayim Bialik) offer to play a game more Leonard's speed: hide and seek. And Leonard goes to hide...although he wasn't actually playing the game.At the Cheesecake Factory, Leonard has to contend with Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) using the term "toilet" at the dinner table. (Suddenly CounterFactuals doesn't seem so bad.) Sheldon and Amy arrive, late because Amy had to get some feminine hygiene supplies, since she wears them all the time as a precaution. (TMI to the guys on that one.) Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wants to take their order but makes the mistake of using term Shamy. ("I don't like that. Don't do that.") And asking her about her life is worthless, as it is the same as everybody else's: subject to entropy, decay, and eventual death. But Leonard doesn't fare much better Amy agrees with Sheldon that Leonard is a "festival of humdrum chitchat." Howard only has a Master's, so he's beneath her, and Raj is grateful for not being able to talk in front of women.Leonard asks Sheldon if he can take his girlfriend ("She's not my girlfriend!") elsewhere to date, as she is judgmental, sanctimonious, and obnoxious...and they already have Sheldon for that. But Sheldon points out he suffered in silence for eight months dealing with Penny's off-key country music caterwalling, rubbing her feet with a pumice stone, and vast knowledge of Jersey Shore.LEONARD: SUFFERED IN SILENCE!?!?!?!?!?Unfortunately, attempting to move the group to Penny's proves fruitless, as Howard insists on correcting Penny's use of the pumice (he has plenty of practice with his mother) and Raj insists on getting drunk and acting like a jerk.At the university cafeteria the next day, Leonard, Howard, and a hungover Raj are joined by John and Yoko ("more like Yoko and Yoko"), more commonly known as Shamy (don't call them Shamy!), who are looking at some of the work Sheldon does. Amy thinks it's very impressive for theoretical work. Oops.SHELDON: Do I detect a hint of condescension?AMY: I'm sorry, was I being too subtle?As she is an expert on the real-world applications of neurobiology, she finds theoretical physics 'cute'. And Sheldon isn't happy about that. He can't believe the work of someone like Babinski could ever rise up to the work of Clark Maxwell or Dirac.AMY: I'm stating it outright. Babinski eats Dirac for breakfast and defecates Clark Maxwell.Sheldon demands she take it back, she refuses, and Sheldon is dumped by his first girlfriend. ("She's not my girlfriend!")HOWARD: Women. Can't live with them, can't successfully refute their hypotheses.Penny finds Sheldon in the laundry and asks if he's OK after his breakup with his girlfriend.SHELDON: A breakup would imply she was my girlfriend. She was a girl, who was my friend, who is now a girl who is not my friend.PENNY: That's, like, the worst country song ever.Sheldon assures her that his relationship with Amy was purely intellectual. And he is feeling no ill effects. He has to leave to go buy a cat. A cat that Sheldon takes EVERYWHERE, even to the university, and the bathroom. Sheldon introduces Dr. Robert Oppenheimer to the guys before getting him a saucer of milk. And apparently, Dr. Robert Oppenheimer is really a female. And not spayed, as Sheldon now has six more cats. Sheldon bought the "whole Manhattan project" because Dr. Robert Oppenheimer was lonely, but Zazzles is his favorite. Leonard thinks it's intervention time, as clearly Sheldon is having difficulty getting over his breakup with his non-girlfriend. He sends for Sheldon's mother. She verifies that Sheldon had a real girlfriend and not something the boys cooked up in the lab. Upon entering Sheldon's bedroom, the normally unflappable Mary Cooper (Laurie Metcalf) is fully flapped at seeing all the cats. ("You should have called me sooner.")Mrs. Cooper's plan is to have a non-feline dinner with Sheldon, Leonard...and Amy. She tells Amy that Sheldon may have been having emotional problems with their breakup, which he promptly denied. Mrs. Cooper chatted with Amy and was of the opinion Amy and Sheldon really weren't meant for each other. Suddenly, Sheldon is defending the relationship, as Amy and Sheldon were as close to each other's intellectual equals as they have ever had. His mother still insists that she would have ended their relationship if he hadn't done it first.SHELDON: Amy, I propose we resume our relationship and attempt to resolve our differences.Amy is for that, if Sheldon will agree that 80% of the breakup was his fault. He negotiates it down to 65% and tells her about his 25 cats. She's elated, as cats are the epitome of indifference (ain't that the truth). Leonard correctly guesses Mrs. Cooper was using some reverse psychology on Sheldon.MRS. COOPER: If I hadn't told my brother Stumpy not to clean out the wood chipper by hand, we'd still be calling him Edward.Fortunately, Sheldon and Amy were able to give away the cats for $20 each. That is, they PAID people $20 to take his cats.
