This week's special guest star is Robert Duvall as Raj Koothrappali. That, or Raj is channeling Lt. Col. Kilgore from "Apocalypse Now," as he loves the smell of paintballs in the morning. Coincidentally, the boys' ability at paintball is as positive as how that movie portrayed Vietnam. Sheldon is ticked off because Howard didn't attend the Physics department strategy meeting. Unfortunately, the spider veins on Howard's mother just could not wait. After discussing several possible ways to get out of the situation, they decide to run while Howard shoots it out with the enemy. Needless to say, Howard was outvoted 3-1 on this scenario. Left alone, Howard stays hidden in the shed until Leslie Winkle comes along. She's had enough of her teammates, as evidenced by the "friendly fire" incident her team suffered. With the opposing paintball teams moving in, Howard and Leslie agree that waiting for "death," knowing there's a paintball out there with your name on it, is the worst thing that can happen, they decide to make the best of the situation...by having sex.The bad economy has hit the university, as all of the guys have to deal with cutbacks in their departments...except Howard. On the contrary, he seems to have gotten a significant amount of new equipment for his lab. As it turns out, it is courtesy of Leslie Winkle, who had oversight on distributing the money from several grants. Leslie stops by, and Howard thanks her for the rapid prototyper he needed."You scratch my back, I scratch yours. Rowr!" (The closed captioning, BTW, interpreted Sara Gilbert's claws and meow as "growls sexily." You be the judge.) Howard is trying to play it coy, but Raj and Leonard want to know about the claws and the "growls sexily." Of course, Sheldon's all over it."I believe the back scratching metaphor generally describes a "quid pro quo" situation where one party provides goods or services to the second party in compensation for a similar action.""Thank you."---Leonard"The meow, that sounded to me like an African civet cat.""Are you done!?!?""No. Despite what the name suggests, the civet cat...is not a cat.---------Now I'm done."Thankfully, Raj gets us back on point and asks Howard about the back-scratching. To this point, Howard had been reluctant to say anything because of Leonard's history with Leslie. But since Leonard doesn't care, now Howard can't shut up about his hookup with Leslie. Not surprisingly, Sheldon is oblivious to the guy rules about hooking up and wants to court-martial Howard for leaving the team defenseless.""Court-martial, Schmort-martial! Leslie is the 5th girl I've ever had sex with! I mean, for free."Suddenly the guys realize that Howard not only had sex but got expensive equipment while their budgets were slashed. Howard doesn't want them to look at it like he got new equipment and they didn't, which is unfair. Rather, that he's getting sex, and they're not, which is delightful.Back at the apartment, Leonard is going Nerd Herd on Penny's broken computer. (sorry, "Chuck" is my other favorite show, and I'm still bitter the two shows are on at the same time) She can't calm down because she spent three hours trying to order shoes. Apparently, Penny is being played tonight by Sarah Jessica Parker. Of course, Sheldon has to lambaste her for sitting in his spot, even though he isn't, nor intends to, use it anytime soon. You would think Penny's smart enough not to ask about such things by now, but some lessons you have to learn the hard way."That is my spot. In an ever-changing world, it is a single point of consistency. If my life was expressed as a function on a 4-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system, that spot would be (0, 0, 0, 0)." (They must be dumbing down the science: I understood that completely) So does Penny."I love him, but he is one serious whack-a-doodle."Penny notices the paintball gun. Leonard invites her to play next time, but Penny explains people in Nebraska only shoot things to eat them or to keep them away from their boyfriends. And apparently, Sheldon's spot is delicious or coming on to her boyfriend, as she accidentally shoots it with the gun.Speaking of boytoys, Leslie seems to be doing well with her new boytoy, as evidenced by she and Howard in bed. Clearly, they have just done the deed, based on Howard's rapid heartbeat...or is that his transient idiopathic arrhythmia. His mother shouting upstairs, however, definitely starts his arrhythmia. He doesn't want to go downstairs because..."I'm busy, Ma!""TOO BUSY TO HELP ME WITH MY ZIPPER?!?!?!?""Don't come in, Ma!""WHY NOT?!?!?!?!""HE'S GOT COMPANY!!!!!!"------Leslie, in an imitation of Howard's mother so accurate, you realize what a sick S.O.B. Oedipus was."IS SHE JEWISH?!?!?!?!?!?""(No) YES!!!!!!""OK, THEN YOU KIDS HAVE FUN!!!!! USE PROTECTION!!!!!!"Thankfully, we return to the paintball stain on Sheldon's spot. It's not coming off, and Penny is panicking."What are we going to do?""We?!? No, no, no. You had your chance to be 'we' for like a year and a half now. Right now, you are you, and you are SCREWED!"Penny's idea of saying someone broke in doesn't go over well, and turning the cushion over leaves one significant problem...no butt print. (What's really scary, this is not the first time I've had to write the phrase "butt print.") Sheldon comes home, and despite Leonard and Penny acting like nothing's wrong, Sheldon goes to sit in his spot and instantly discovers something amiss with his spot. After several uncomfortable turns on the cushion, he picks it up and discovers the paint stain.With the cushion at the dry cleaners, things are not going well for Sheldon out of his spot. The arm of the chair, the arm of the couch, even straddling the chair arm like it's a horse will not do. Howard's very logical idea of putting another cushion in Sheldon's spot doesn't work, either. (and puts Raj out of his spot, but Raj isn't crazy, is he)"Sheldon, I'm really sorry, but it's only going to be for a week. Can't you be a LITTLE bit flexible? [pause] I really didn't think that through, did I."Of course, Sheldon doesn't trust her dry cleaner...since he also makes keys. Meanwhile, Howard receives a call and announces he's going to have sex tonight. Surprisingly, it's Leslie Winkle and not Howard's right hand calling. Howard really seems to be getting the best of both worlds. In exchange for sex, he gets to go on a trip to Geneva to visit the CERN lab. However, when Leslie makes the post-coital suggestion of accompanying her to her sister's wedding, Howard is resistant. Apparently, Howard scams on "chunky bridesmaids" at weddings, so he is uncomfortable going with an actual date. By some coincidence, the group going to Geneva just got reduced by one. Howard is unhappy about this turn of events."Are you saying if I don't go to the wedding, I can't go to Geneva?""Well, I'm trying not to say it...""Wait a minute; I'm not comfortable with this. It's like you're trying to control me with new equipment and research trips.""Well, if I didn't control you with new equipment and research trips, then I'D be uncomfortable."Finally, it comes out: Leslie wants to have a sexual relationship without any feelings or any of that crap. Howard is shocked."So I'm just a bought-and-paid-for sex toy?""No, no, not at all. You're also arm candy."One would assume that Howard is OK with this when he shouts, "MOM, YOU GOTTA RENT ME A TUX!!!!""RIGHT NOW? WHAT KIND OF SEX ARE YOU HAVING UP THERE?!?!?!?"Back at the apartment, Sheldon is crouching on his spot. Before Leonard goes crazy, Penny returns the cushion. However, it's still not good enough for Sheldon. Although how a few sniffs of it can tell this, I don't even want to know. Now it's time for Penny to go ballistic, but Leonard has a solution."Sheldon, you know the cashew chicken I get you on Monday nights? From Szechwan Palace? The Szechwan Palace closed down two years ago."(shocked) "What? Where did my cashew chicken come from?""The Golden Dragon. Before they (the Szechwan Palace) went out of business, I bought 4,000 containers. I keep them in the trunk of my car."Sheldon is practically white. "This changes everything. What's real? What isn't? How can I know?" But at least Sheldon is on the cushion now. Penny thanks Leonard for making that up. (If only he did.)It's paintball time again, and Penny has joined the gang. Leonard has a brilliant strategy because Penny is a killer shot, but Sheldon has to take care of something first...he shoots Penny, eliminating her. Now he has his payback for the cushion. "Revenge is a dish that is best served cold.""Screw that!"-----Penny, who proceeds to shoot Sheldon.Sheldon is shocked because Penny is "dead." Surprisingly, Leonard agrees. Penny can't shoot Sheldon...so he does it. Since Sheldon decides they're descending into anarchy, down goes Leonard. This leaves Howard, Raj, and Leslie with only one option...surrender, then Denny's.
