It's amazing how many years the gang has eaten at The Cheesecake Factory, yet Sheldon (Jim Parsons) still doesn't get the concept of not insulting the person who serves your food: Penny. Amy (Mayim Bialik) has a way to cover herself in this case: invite Penny (Kaley Cuoco) as her plus-1 at a conference all of them were attending. Penny was busy, until she found out it was at a spa at Big Sur...and completely paid for. Anything for her best friend. (It says so in Amy's blog.)The gang prepares for the trip, organized by Sheldon, of course. Leonard (Johnny Galecki), Sheldon, Penny, and Amy will drive in one car, and Howard (Simon Helberg), Raj (Kunal Nayyar), and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) will drive in the other car. However, the first rest stop is 2 1/2 hours away, so Raj can't have a second cup of coffee, despite his Kegel exercises. Red 5 (Howard, not Luke Skywalker) has to check in every quarter-hour with Red Leader (Sheldon). However, Sheldon and Amy won't be sharing a room.AMY: We discussed it. We decided we did not want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other.Therefore, Amy will bunk with her "bestie": Penny. ("Are we there yet?") Meanwhile, Howard was looking forward to taking a nap at the hotel with Bernadette, a point he repeats over and over again. Bernadette suggests Howard take a nap in the car, until Raj texts Leonard in the other car to radio to Bernadette that Howard means sex when he says nap.Sheldon is being his usual self, and Penny protests that everybody lets Sheldon bully them around. And she ends up in the other car, where Howard and Bernadette serenade her with their rendition of I Got You Babe. (Never realized Howard was one mustache short of being an exact copy of Sonny Bono, right down to the wardrobe.)Fortunately for Penny, who actually missed Amy, nothing ends a Sonny & Cher revival like running into Bernadette's ex, Glenn. He was her former professor and they dated for a year. Basically, he's everything Howard isn't: tall, well-dressed, handsome, and Howard assumes he also swings a big bat (yes, that's a euphemism, otherwise it'd be very ironic to describe  that way) Howard is a bit jealous, and Bernadette can't figure out why, since she loves Howard.HOWARD: I just never figured a guy like me going out with a girl like you would ever have to compete with a guy like that.And while Howard continues to shove his foot further down his mouth, Bernadette asks Penny and Amy if she can sleep in their room for the night. Which interrupts Amy's grilling of Penny over penis envy ("not for sex, for convenience"). However, Amy decides she can sleep in the same bed with her bestie, despite suffering night terrors. And gently stroking her hair just isn't enough. Penny goes to sleep with Sheldon and Leonard. And since Sheldon looks like he might suck Penny's blood out of her neck in the middle of the night, she has to sleep in the same bed as Leonard, which isn't good enough for Sheldon, so he goes to sleep with Raj, who brought tissues into the bed with him. (So he can watch  on Turner Classic Movies! What did you think they were for, you pervs!) But Sheldon won't allow it, so Raj goes to sleep with Penny and Leonard, where Penny decided she could risk a one-night stand with Leonard. But Raj wanted to watch his movie, so...The discussion panel was, to say the least, awkward. Bernadette tries to start the conference, but she admits even the tiniest of organisms can tear you a new one. Howard accuses her of also being around some serious nuclear weaponry. Amy thinks they're making veiled references to sex...and wants to chime in on penis envy. Raj is feeling no pain ("these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass!"), and Leonard is still seething about his booty call being interrupted by Raj. Actually, that's how Penny described it and she is now upset he thought it meant getting back together. She wants to go home, and Glenn is happy to give her a ride. In his car, presumably.On the way back, Amy assumes Leonard is upset that Penny is with "the most beautiful man I've ever seen in my life," as he was driving 120 mph. Amazingly, everybody is calm about it, even when the police officer stops him.
