It's time for Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) haircut, so it's off to see Mr. D'Onofrio at the barber shop. Only Mr. D'Onofrio is very sick and is unable to cut his hair. However, his nephew will be more than happy to do it. And as we all know that's not good enough for Sheldon, as his mother sent Mr. D'Onofrio all of his haircut records from his barber in Texas. That's what his mother promised, but obviously we know better. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) finally talks him into it, given Sheldon's hairstyle is the same as #3 on the wall poster...from 1946. Sheldon gives it a try, Mr. D'Onofrio's nephew starts telling a story, and Sheldon bolts.LEONARD: When you tell this story later, the word we usually use is quirky.Sheldon is driving everybody nuts trying to keep his hair out of his eyes (if it actually was) and he's lamenting he feels like a teen heartthrob. On the good side, Howard (Simon Helberg) got his orders to report to NASA for astronaut training. And back to 'Sheldon's hair. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) offers to cut it, but while Sheldon appreciates Penny's offer of the "skills of the hill folk," in town, they don't churn their own butter or make dresses out of gunny sacks. ("Sorry, it's the bad-boy attitude that comes with this hair.") Raj (Kunal Nayyar) offers his barber in Beverly Hills, which costs $200, but you might be sitting next to !Speaking of bad to the bone, Amy (Mayim Bialik) is rockin' Bon Jovi on her harp, but Sheldon isn't up for boyfriend/girlfriend sing-a-long night because he needs to find a barber fast. Supercuts is out, as it's "Sodom and Gomorrah with mousse." Amy thinks it might be nice if Sheldon grew his hair long.AMY: I think you might look sexy with long hair. The kind that (getting worked up) flows down to your shoulders and blows back while riding on a horse. Barebacked and bare-chested. (long pause) Um, I'm going to go brush my teeth. It might take a while.(N.B. If you remember The Toast Derivation and "Gerald" last year, you're probably laughing your @$$ off at that.)Howard talks to Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) over videochat about his first day of astronaut training. He got to experience zero gravity. They take you up in a plane really fast then dive as if you're going to crash and do this over and over again. And when you throw up, the throw up just sits out there in a little ball, unless it lands back in your mouth because you're screaming. Bernadette doesn't exactly consider this pillow talk, but Howard asks her to overnight some underwear to him, as tomorrow was the centrifuge and he was afraid he packed a little light.How far would Sheldon go to get Mr. D'Onofrio back? Yup, went to his hospital room. (He did buy him a bear, though.) Even though Mr. D'Onofrio was in a coma, Sheldon figured he could hear him, so he told Mr. D'Onofrio to move away from the light and towards the sound of the scissors Sheldon was snapping.Penny and Leonard enjoy a game of chess. Penny is a rank amateur, so naturally she won. Penny apologizes for being in Sheldon's spot, but he doesn't care. WHAT?!? ("Between you playing chess better than Bobby Fischer and Sheldon not caring if you're in his spot, I'd say someone went back in time, stepped on a bug, and changed the course of human events.") Actually, it's far worse than that. Sheldon has so carefully planned his life (even has a bowel movement spreadsheet), but nothing horrible has happened since missing his hair appointment, so he feels he has been wasting his time. But Penny tells him the unknown might be more fun and Sheldon should embrace the chaos. He agrees...and sets forth to wear his Tuesday pajamas that night.Howard is looking like he forgot to put on his underwear before stepping into that centrifuge (and had some of his mother's brisket beforehand, too). On the good side, he passed overnight survival training. It's like camping...only with no food, water, a hole he dug for shelter, and an armadillo that spooned him the whole night.BERNADETTE: I'm so proud of you.HOWARD: (not completely there) I ate a butterfly? It was so small...and beautiful. I was so hungry.Bernadette wants him to come home, but Howard couldn't give up trying to be an astronaut. Although it would be very sweet of her to send him more underwear. She decides to do one better and goes down to Houston to help Howard get through his training. Only...guess who beat her to it?HOOOOWWWWAAAAHHHHHHDDDD, YOUR BATH IS GETTING COLD!!!!!(On the bright side, once Howard's mother falls asleep, he'll spoon Bernadette like an armadillo.Leonard gets awakened in the middle of the night, and he prayed it wasn't Sheldon playing bongos. Of course it was. And Sheldon kept playing, even waking up Penny. Sheldon was playing the bongos because Richard Feynman played them.LEONARD: (explaining) Richard Feynman was a famous physicist...PENNY: Leonard, it's 3 o'clock in the morning. I don't care if Richard Feynman was a purple leprechaun who lived in my butt!!SHELDON: (singing and playing) Penny meant if he WERE a purple leprechaun. Penny forgot to use the subjunctive...Leonard tries to enforce the Roommate Agreement, but Sheldon thinks that's invalid now since we're living in a world of chaos. He gets up and leaves.PENNY: Where are you going?SHELDON: Wherever the music takes me, kitten.The music takes him down the stairs...falling down, actually. And he ends up on Amy's couch. ("I foolishly thought it was some sort of musical booty call.") Leonard and Penny come over to bring him back, and Penny all but begs to cut his hair.PENNY: You've known me for a long time now. I've taken you to Disneyland, kicked a bully in the nuts for you, sing you Soft Kitty when you're sick. You've even seen me naked once.Sheldon asks Amy for her opinion, and Amy says there isn't a single hair on her body she wouldn't let Penny trim.He agrees and thanks Amy for letting him sleep on her couch. (AMY: There's only so many times a woman can say "how about the bed?")It turns out Penny does a decent job, and Sheldon thanks her. She has to use clippers to take care of his neck, and they can be a bit ticklish. Yup, he's sporting a reverse Mr. T look now. Well, just the back of the head.
