Leonard (Johnny Galecki) has never read any of the Harry Potter books or seen the movies? REALLY?!?!? Sheldon (Jim Parsons) had no problem telling him Dumbledore dies in the sixth book, and Leonard gets ticked off for spoiling it for him, saying Sheldon would complain for weeks on end if he did that to him. (true) But Sheldon writes it off to another of Leonard's "hissy fits," which he claims are brought on by Leonard drinking soy milk instead of regular milk and thus having extra levels of estrogen in him. (SHELDON: I think your morning Co-Co Puffs are turning you into a hysterical woman.) Leonard can't believe how annoying Sheldon is.SHELDON: I'M annoying? You criticize my behavior all the time! 'Sheldon, don't talk about your bowel movements over breakfast.' 'Sheldon, when the president of the university is giving a eulogy at a funeral, don't yawn and point at your watch.' 'Sheldon, don't throw away my shirts because you think they're ugly.' You're impossible.Enough was enough (other than Sheldon pointing out Leonard had to put up with this because he had a signature on a document saying he did), and Leonard took his Roommate Agreement and threw it into the trash. He was moving out and had the perfect place to go: Penny's. Which was quite a surprise to Penny (Kaley Cuoco) after his long rant about how insufferable Sheldon is.PENNY: But you two make such a cute couple. Like Bert and Ernie. You even teach me about numbers and words and stuff.She tried to come up with a reason that wouldn't hurt Leonard's feelings. Such as feeling bad for Sheldon and wondering how he'll get along. Leonard pointed out Sheldon had Amy now, not to mention Penny would never have another rent problem. Penny kept trying to come up with something...and somehow spoiled more of Harry Potter for Leonard. Leonard even wondered if Penny wasn't ready for it, although he didn't recognize it was a big step for her. But Penny caved.LEONARD: Great! Oh, could you clear a shelf in the bathroom because I take a LOT of medicine!PENNY: (to herself) I hope some of it is Xanax.Raj (Kunal Nayyar) came over to Howard's (Simon Helberg) place to loan him a suitcase...that he borrowed from Howard two years ago...because Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were heading to Las Vegas. This was Bernadette's bonus for rebranding a dandruff shampoo that caused horrible anal leakage (RAJ: Is there a 'good' anal leakage?) as a laxative. But Howard knew a way for Raj to pay him back. Since his mother's dentist dumped her, Howard needed someone to take care of her while he was gone. Raj was hesitant because he had a whole Saturday night planned.HOWARD: See if this sounds familiar. You pay $15 to park, you stand on the sidewalk for an hour before you break down and give the bouncer $20 to let you in. You push your way to the bar where you drink an $18 cosmopolitan while you stare at a pretty girl and imagine your perfect life together, your children, your grandchildren. Meanwhile, she leaves with a guy who claims he wrote Beverly Hills Chihuahua (2008). Then you give up on anybody loving you, go to Marie Callender's and buy a pie that you eat in your car right in the parking lot.RAJ: What time should I be here?Say what you want about the Wolowitz residence, but you always eat well there, as Raj discovered after enjoying Mrs. Wolowitz's brisket. Which stayed down despite hearing about all of the things Mrs. Wolowitz had removed over the years. (RAJ: I didn't know you could have a cyst inside another cyst.) He's ready to go home, but she wants to make him cheesecake. But he insists on going, and she starts crying. (Raj's first mistake.) She says it's OK, she only cries when she's lonely and has nothing to live for. Yup, Raj fell for it.As Sheldon and Amy (Mayim Bialik) inventoried the memorabilia in the apartment (or children's toys, as Amy called them), Sheldon admitted he would have to find and cultivate a new roommate. You can pretty much see the light bulb over Amy's head (and her voice approaching Bernadette's octave). Amy thought he needed a roommate who was a scientist and already comfortable with Sheldon's ways.SHELDON: If that person existed, I would sign on. No further questions asked.AMY: Great! Here I am!And you can actually hear the brakes squealing inside of Sheldon's head. But Amy was ahead of him, saying she wasn't a stranger, they were intellectually compatible, and "your quirks that others find annoying or rage-inducing, I find cute as a button!" She wanted to know one reason why this wasn't a great idea, and Sheldon didn't have one. (AMY: I'm going to go see if Leonard's room is big enough for my waterbed!) Of course, now Leonard was his "good buddy," and went right over to tell him Amy made him realize this "little dust-up" is much ado about nothing, and all is forgiven. But Leonard saw right through his offer of a soy-milk hot chocolate and the new "devil may care" bathroom policy. Which he explains to Penny; Sheldon suddenly wants Leonard back because Amy wants to move in with him. However, Leonard was quite confident Penny and he were happy living together. (PENNY: It's like the happiness won't leave the apartment.) Sheldon was desperate because Amy laid out a set of logical arguments he couldn't refute. (PENNY: That is the worst, isn't it?) Leonard would not budge. (LEONARD: And spoiler alert! This door is about to slam in your face!) Sheldon was left with the positively giddy Amy wondering when she'd get a key to their apartment.Howard and Bernadette called Raj from Las Vegas. They were still a little sore from the previous night.BERNADETTE: Those Chinese acrobats in Cirque du Soliel make it look so easy!HOWARD: Honestly, if I could bend that far, why would I need with you?BERNADETTE: If you could bend that far, you'd be doing both of us a favor.They were surprised Raj stayed the night at Howard's house, but Raj felt guilty about leaving her alone, so he stayed through cheesecake, an episode of The Rockford Files (1974), and some cream sherry, and the next thing you know, she put Raj in Howard's bed...and Howard's pajamas on him. (hysterical visual, BTW) Howard warned him to get out because she would use food and guilt to keep him there for the rest of his life!HOWARD: You're not Jewish! That's how they get you!RAJ: But I have a cream sherry hangover and I smell blintzes.Howard asked him where his clothes were, and Raj said right on the chair...where they weren't. Sure enough, Raj got trapped. His clothes spent the entire day in the laundry and his keys were gone. Well, technically Mrs. Wolowitz started jingling when she walked, so he had some idea where they were. And now, he had to run. Mrs. Wolowitz made him a bath.RAJ: Oh, my God. She's not going to bathe me, is she?HOWARD: (creeped out) Gee, I wish I could tell you no.Sheldon spots the "homewrecker" in the hallway and gives her both barrels for giving Leonard someplace to go and allowing Amy to buy His & Hers bath towels. (SHELDON: I can never dry myself with something that has a possessive pronoun on it.) Penny admitted she loved Leonard but it was too fast to go to the move-in stage. (SHELDON: Tell him the truth, break his little heart. Everybody wins.) Of course, Sheldon could tell Amy the truth before he finds leg stubble in his shower. (PENNY: I've seen those legs; you might want to get yourself some Drain-O.) Penny doesn't want to tell Leonard the truth, either, but both figured they had to face the music.SHELDON: I suppose there's no choice but to face the crying, the angry accusations, and the high-pitched wails of despair.PENNY: Yeah, and who knows how Amy will act.Sheldon goes to confront Amy. And despite getting Sheldon's Chinese food order perfectly, Sheldon was forced to admit the truth. Penny didn't want Leonard to move in with her and there was nothing he could do about it. Amy turns her anger from Sheldon (AMY: I have been going out with you for two years! I watched your dopey space movies, I signed all of your stupid contracts, I even stopped wearing lip gloss because you said it made my mouth too slippery!) to Penny. She got mad at Penny because she heard she didn't want to move in with Leonard. Yes, Leonard overheard that, but Penny said he moved in with her without even asking if she was ready for it. And Then she turned on Sheldon, saying why doesn't he tell Amy the truth about why he doesn't want her to move in with him. (It's all very Three's Company (1976).)AMY: (mad as hell) You're a coward!SHELDON: Well, the...evidence does support that.Penny takes Amy to go drink lots of wine and talk about what jerks their boyfriends were being.AMY: We'll show them! I should move in here with you!And while Penny dealt with that, Sheldon invited Leonard to watch The Walking Dead (2010). After covering up another spoiler.As for Raj, he was attacked by the Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954)! AKA, Howard's mother!
