Sorry, Penny (Kaley Cuoco), but you can't argue with the math. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has it on his whiteboard. It is scientifically impossible to tip a cow. Of course, whether it's scientifically possible to tip a Penny depends on many factors, not the least of which the amount of alcohol she's consumed. Howard (Simon Helberg) stopped by and told the gang his mother invited all of them over for Thanksgiving dinner, speaking of sides of beef. They're a little hesitant, particularly since Bernadette's father would be there and they still don't get along very well. Sheldon protests because they typically eat at their place and he spends all night criticizing Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) cooking, and he wants that tradition to continue. But peer pressure finally made him cave. (SHELDON: OK, but if her food is delicious, Thanksgiving is ruined and it's on you.) Sheldon says now he knew how the African slaves felt, much to Amy's anger. But Penny thought a fun Thanksgiving could be had anyplace, given she went to Las Vegas one year with Zack (Brian Thomas Smith). They gambled, had a great turkey dinner (at a strip club) and even went to one of those little chapels to have one of those "silly fake weddings." Whoops.PENNY: But it didn't seem real.SHELDON: Let me ask you something. At any point was Las Vegas on its side?On the drive over, Leonard badgered Penny to get her to fix it. Probably because she married Zack on a whim whereas she shot down Leonard's every attempt to do the same. Which was pretty obvious even without Sheldon pointing it out. And that was actually an improvement over him calling himself a slave for going to Thanksgiving dinner. Amy (Mayim Bialik) did some research and discovered a marriage could be annulled if it wasn't consummated. (SHELDON: HA HA! Penny? Next!) Or perhaps evidence of fraud, bigamy, or want of understanding.PENNY: "Want of understanding?" What does that even mean?AMY: Ding, ding, ding! We have a winner!Mike Rostenkowski (Casey Sander) arrives at the house with beer for everybody...well, now it was. He had hoped for a nice quiet day to watch the football game.MRS. WOLOWITZ: HOWARD, THE MEDICINE IS NOT WORKING!!!HOWARD: You just took it five minutes ago. At least let it reach YOUR FIRST STOMACH!!!Mrs. Wolowitz's gout was acting up and her little toe was hurting...probably being crushed by the rest of the barn. Thankfully Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was already there. (RAJ: It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without an Indian providing the food.) Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) wants Howard to go bond with her father. After all, he likes his son-in-law. (BERNADETTE: I do crap for you all the time. Get out there!) It went about as well as you may have expected. Even Howard making jokes about his mother didn't help. Although the bottle of wine Penny already opened was certainly helping her with the crap she was taking for marrying Zack. Fortunately, this meant Amy could help Raj with things...like get items on high shelves and keeping Bernadette away from the marshmallows. He told the two of them focus was key, but that pretty much went out the window when Amy spilled the news about Penny and Zack. And Leonard, despite getting all the documentation Penny would need to get the annulment, she was tired of him talking about it and walked out of the house.SHELDON: I don't know the first thing about women, but I would not follow her.MIKE ROSTENKOWSKI: (pushing Leonard from blocking his view) Listen to Stretch.One could certainly understand Penny hating Leonard right now, given he thinks he's the victim in all of this. (HOWARD: Sounds to me like Zack's the victim here; you're sleeping with his wife.) And Mike was trying to watch the game, wondering how they couldn't get a first down.SHELDON: (deadpan) They passed against a nickel defense. They should have run off-tackle.MIKE: (shocked) How the hell do you know that?SHELDON: My father loved football. He always made me watch it before I was allowed do my Calculus homework.Suddenly Mike found someone to bond with. Enough to get Penny and Leonard out of the room, given Penny invited Zack over to sign the papers. Penny told Leonard she invited Zack (to the shock of everyone eavesdropping in the kitchen) because Leonard wouldn't shut up about her getting married. (RAJ: My, my. The plot, like my gravy, thickens!) Thankfully, this gave Mike a chance to hear how Howard loved a good blitz with some sour cream. (It sounds like blintze...work with me, people!) After Sheldon got back from the bathroom...which was filled with clown figurines and certainly explains why everyone has a hard time going in there, Mike talked to Sheldon about the '93 Thanksgiving game when Leon Lett dropped the football and let the Dolphins beat the Cowboys. Mike was so mad, he wanted to shoot his TV. (SHELDON: So was my dad. And then he did.) Mike wanted to know if Sheldon's father still lived in Texas, but Sheldon told him he died when he was 14.MIKE: Sorry to hear that.SHELDON: So was the man who owned the local liquor store. He cried and cried.Mike realized Sheldon never would have had a beer with his dad, although Sheldon's dad did try to give him one at high school graduation...when he was 11. Mike thought it was time for Sheldon to share a beer and get the experience he never got with his father.HOWARD: (meekly) I never had a beer with my dad, either.SHELDON: Do you mind? We're having a moment here.Howard went into the kitchen to lament that Sheldon and Mike were bonding over a beer and didn't want him around. Raj, Amy, and Bernadette were willing to listen...until Zack arrived. Then they couldn't get away from him fast enough.Zack was actually pretty cool about stopping by since he didn't have anything else to do and he thought he should be with family on Thanksgiving. And since he has one...well, suddenly he wasn't so sure about signing it.ZACK: I just think splitting up can be rough on the kids.PENNY: We don't have any kids.ZACK: Are you sure? Because you didn't know we were married until this morning.Penny thought he knew it wasn't real because they were married by an Elvis impersonator. (ZACK: Yeah! We couldn't afford a real Elvis!) Leonard couldn't believe she married him, but now Penny wanted to rip Leonard a new one for constantly being in her face all day about this.ZACK: Not cool, bro. I'm starting to think you're not the kind of guy dating my wife.LEONARD: Well yeah, she not going to be your wife for long.ZACK: Oh, my God. Are you dying?Meanwhile, Mike and Sheldon were hammered, and Mike couldn't believe Sheldon was going to go 3.14159 when he said he was going to burp pi.HOWARD'S MOTHER: DID SOMEBODY SAY PIE?!?!?!MIKE: I don't know what's scarier; the bathroom clowns or the woman who put them there.SHELDON: All I know is, you could only fit one of her in a car. (enter Howard) And there's the clown that came out of her!!Sheldon and Mike toasted the best Thanksgiving they've had in years, but Bernadette had had enough from the both of them and demanded they apologize to Howard. (SHELDON: She's so tiny! It's funny when she's mad!) But Amy insisted he do so.SHELDON: Perhaps you're right. I apologize for my behavior. I've had alcohol and it's caused me to be inappropriate. (points to Amy) Ain't she great? Now how's bout you get us a couple of beers!And smacks Amy on the ass! (yes, she liked it)Everyone had a great dinner. Leonard and Penny made up, and Zack admitted he was a terrible husband because he was never around. Mike wanted to throw the ol' pigskin around with Sheldon, but since it was a Jewish house, Sheldon figured they didn't have any. (HOWARD'S MOTHER: DID SOMEBODY SAY PIGSKIN!?!?!?!) But Mike said he could do a lot worse for a son-in-law than Howard, which Howard thought was the nicest thing he ever said to him. (MIKE: Well, I'm drunk.) But Sheldon seemed to be getting better.SHELDON: (happy) I just threw up on a bunch of clowns.
