At the end of last season, Leonard (Johnny Galecki) confessed to kissing another woman while on the expedition to the North Sea, and Amy (Mayim Bialik) wanted to take time away from Sheldon (Jim Parsons), not knowing Sheldon bought her an engagement ring. Picking up from Las Vegas, Leonard wanted to pick a wedding package that would be streamed on the Internet to give beautiful blondes hope they can marry a short nerdy guy, and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) always wanted a wedding with a comments section. [/sarcasm] Despite that, Penny still wants to get married, but Leonard has to take a call. Sheldon asked him if he got married yet and Leonard told him he didn't.SHELDON: Good. Don't do it. Some important new information has come to light. Women are the worst.Sheldon told him Amy ended their relationship, and Leonard relayed that to Penny. Sheldon was afraid she was crying but Penny wasn't. (SHELDON: No, of course not. They thrive on our suffering.) Sheldon told Leonard to roll his eyes at him any time he thought of dating again (like Sheldon does with him), and Penny called Amy to check on her...only to discover Amy cared more about not being invited to the wedding.Sheldon went to Amy's apartment because Amy needed time to think about things. Which she needed more than 11 hours for. But as she was going somewhere, she let him walk with her. Which he interpreted as being back together. He thought she was going out with someone already but she was only going to Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette's (Melissa Rauch) house to watch the wedding online. Sheldon wasn't invited because they probably thought things would be awkward.SHELDON: We make EVERYONE feel awkward. That's our thing.Leonard and Penny got ready for the wedding, even contemplating a breakfast buffet at the strip club next door. Although glitter on scrambled eggs is rather off-putting, can't deny it. Howard and Bernadette tried to comfort Amy, but Stuart (Kevin Sussman) talking about his worst breakup (and didn't remember her name) didn't help, and Sheldon looking in through the window REALLY didn't help. Sheldon was upset for not being invited, but Bernadette claimed she only invited Amy and Stuart already lived there. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) coming out of the kitchen with cinnamon rolls, however...Leonard and Penny were ready to be married, and the ghost of Mrs. Wolowitz kept interrupting them about substituting potpourri for rose petals along the aisle. And Sheldon wouldn't let go of the fact Amy wanted time away from him, even accusing Bernadette of taking Amy's side. So he picked Howard for his side (which Howard refused) and then Raj, who didn't even want to be involved. (STUART: At least you got picked.) But hard as it is to believe, it got even more awkward. Leonard had prepared vows and Penny didn't. And Leonard's scientific based one...romantic as it was...couldn't hold a candle to Penny's improvised vows. After all, they worked as an Ocar-winning song from Toy Story (1995).PENNY: He loves that movie.LEONARD: (in tears) I do.While Howard and Bernadette smugly declared themselves the ceremony winners, Sheldon demanded to know if Amy was breaking up with him or not. She got upset he wasn't giving her the time and space to think about it. Then Sheldon puts his foot in his mouth to the point he's crapping shoelaces. He boasted he could sire children for decades, but Amy's eggs had an expiration date. And clearly Sheldon got his answer. Amy broke up with him. Amy went off, and Sheldon demanded someone drive him home. All of this took place as Leonard and Penny really eloped and thanked everybody for watching.HOWARD: (sheepishly) We'll just say it was beautiful in the comments section.It was honeymoon time, and Leonard was sure he could carry Penny over the threshold, given he carried Sheldon to bed whenever he fell asleep in front of the TV. And he did, which Penny found impressive.LEONARD: Finally, there's a Mrs. Hofstadter who is not disappointed in me.PENNY: Well, the night is still young.They started kissing on the bed, and Penny's mind was definitely in another place...thinking about how Leonard's lips were in another place. Penny wanted to know if he felt guilty in kissing her, which he did. In fact, he felt guilty every time he saw her. Oops. Leonard kind of forgot to mention the woman he kissed on the expedition works with him. Penny was not happy.Sheldon called his mother and told her she could stop praying for Amy...unless it was to have a beehive fall on her head. Sheldon mentioned Amy broke up with him, but she told him to keep the ring she gave him just in case. At least it'll keep it away from Sheldon's brother "and that whore he's dating." Meanwhile, Bernadette, Howard, and Stuart tried to comfort Amy. Although Stuart telling Amy to do the "wrong thing" while massaging her shoulder was definitely a flesh-crawler.Leonard and Penny returned, clearly not having consummated the marriage because they were still arguing about the woman Leonard kissed. (LEONARD: You know, I may have been unfaithful, but you're hard to lift!) Sheldon takes a tea tray over to Penny (and actually has to say knock-knock-knock-Penny because his hands were full), and Sheldon knew being sweet couldn't keep a woman these days. (SHELDON: I blame Madonna.) Penny admitted to Sheldon she was more upset at Leonard keeping the fact the woman, Mandy Chou, worked with her at he university. But Mandy was attractive and brilliant according to Sheldon and could do way better than Leonard. That didn't go over well with Penny, but Sheldon offered to date Mandy to get back at Amy and Leonard at the same time but agreed with Penny that was stupid.SHELDON: I coukd never be with a woman whose self-esteem so low she'd date Leonard.PENNY: I'M with Leonard.SHELDON: I know, forever.Oh, it gets worse. Penny told Amy to follow her heart and do what made her happy. Sheldon then figured Penny was to blame for Amy dumping him, so he took the tray away...after Penny opened the door for him and slammed it hard at his request. Howard and Bernadette got the news that Penny was back alone in her apartment.STUART: (creepy) Really?Although Leonard would certainly swap placed with Stuart right now, given Sheldon was up to 100 in "reasons men are better than women."
