As Sheldon (Jim Parsons) eschewed dinner to suckle at the bosom of Mother Physics, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) found an online Website where you can get action figures made of yourself. Howard (Simon Helberg) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thought it was an awesome idea, but since Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wondered why he'd want to get one, he was out. Explaining that it would be a personal item then got her to say that Leonard could get one if he really wanted one. So he was still out. But Sheldon was on a roll with his equations, even adding some Bob Costas-like commentary. Then Kripke John Ross Bowie) shows up to spoil the mood. Really spoil it, given the University has ordered them to work together on the same fusion reactor grant.At $500 each, Howard's and Raj's action figurines were insanely expensive, but Raj's family is loaded and Bernadette makes a great salary. (HOWARD: My wife came with both funbags and moneybags.) The figurines, however, don't look like they spent $500 on them. In fact, Raj's looks like Mr. T and a circa 1970s Michael Jackson had a child. At least Howard's was close, apart from the Princess Vespa nose from Spaceballs (1987). (Yes, her old nose.)LEONARD: Maybe it's a shipping problem. Maybe Wesley Snipes and Toucan Sam just got action figures that look like you guys.BTW, Penny doesn't like sitting through the credits, particularly when she goes to a documentary about the Holocaust. (LEONARD: Maybe they'll show bloopers.) They come home to the Imperial March blaring out of the speakers, the sign Sheldon is unhappy and about to destroy the planet. Penny wants to talk to him. (LEONARD: Really, have you learned NOTHING in six years?) Although to his credit, the afghan over his head did make him look creepily like The Emperor. Leonard offers to make him tea, but Sheldon's outraged the University is making him work with Kripke.LEONARD: So, cocoa?SHELDON: (lights up like a Saturnalia tree) Yes, cocoa! Do you know what it's like to be paired with someone who is so annoying?LEONARD: (raises his hand and jumps up and down) Oh, teacher! Me!!Sheldon still couldn't believe his work would be marginalized by Kripke. He was angrier than ever and filled with despair.PENNY: What beverage do you make for that?LEONARD: Wait-wait, I know this...um...hot apple cider with a cinnamon stick? (correct)At the University, most hostage situations go more smoothly than Sheldon and Kripke exchanging their papers on the subject. Sheldon scoffs at Kripke's notion he would copy Kripke's work. (Only if he wanted to be published in Mad Magazine.) Clearly Sheldon doesn't trust Kripke, as he comes back with the blank paper Sheldon gave him. Sheldon hands him a new folder. (KRIPKE: If this one's bwank, too, I will be fuwious.)Raj's "always bet on black" jokes with his figurine aren't helping Howard, so he suggests a 3-D printer. Howard is intrigued at a printer that could mold a plastic 3-D image of whatever is needed, but they are ridiculously expensive.RAJ: Come on, you deserve one! You worked hard to find a woman who makes a lot of money!Howard thinks he could use it at work for his CAD/CAM work, and Raj is up for Malibu Koothrappali's Totally Bitchin' Dream House.Amy (Mayim Bialik) pays Sheldon a visit. Sheldon is in even worse shape. As it turns out, Kripke's plan for a fusion reactor was leaps and bounds ahead of his.SHELDON: (breaking down) The mommy of the smartest physicist in the University is not my mommy. It's his mommy!Amy offers a consoling hug, but Sheldon feels like he's being strangled by a boa constrictor. But she shouldn't stop. Sheldon fakes a fever to not go into work. (Well, it was 128°, you be the judge.) Leonard tells Sheldon that Kripke simply got lucky while Sheldon got stuck on the wrong path, like Einstein did on the Unified Field Theory for decades. But nobody knew anything at the time, so Sheldon claimed everything Einstein did was a breakthrough.LEONARD: (at his limit) SHELDON LEE COOPER, I DO NOT HAVE TIME FOR THIS NONSENSE! NOW GO PUT YOUR CLOTHES ON, GET IN THE CAR, AND LET'S GO TO WORK!SHELDON: Alright, geez! What a grouch.LEONARD: (shocked) How did I do that? I gotta remember how I did that.Howard and Raj were having fun with their $5,000 3-D printer. (That's each, BTW.) It only took them three hours to make a 25-cent party whistle, so major-league ROI, huh? Howard was ready to scan Raj's image for the computer, although Raj had to suck in his gut to do it. But Howard could give him six-pack abs on the computer. (RAJ: Great! Now I can look like Val Kilmer as he looked in Batman than Val Kilmer as he looks today.)Kripke confronts Sheldon on his subpar work and Sheldon wants both barrels. But Kripke knew what was wrong: Sheldon had a girlfriend. (KRIPKE: My work would suffer too if I was getting waid all the time.) And Sheldon agreed that was the reason. (SHELDON: My work is suffering because of all the laid I'm getting. What can I say? She enjoys my genitals.) Kripke commends him but says he must buckle down. He even gave Sheldon a fist bump.Howard shows Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) the completed figuring of him and she loved it. (BERNADETTE: I didn't know there could be a smaller version of you!) He even made one of her. And then she heard the price. $5,000 for a couple of little dolls? Bernadette wanted to know if it ever dawned on him about talking to her first before spending that much money. (HOWARD: It's kind of dawning on me now.) But Howard claimed they were married and shared everything, including her money. (oops)BERNADETTE: Either you return that machine, or you can print out a working set of lady parts and sleep with those. (Howard thinks about it) OH MY GOD! ARE YOU ACTUALLY THINKING ABOUT IT!?!Fortunately for Howard, Raj was happy to buy his half of the printer. Although the check had to be made out to Bernadette. (HOWARD: I was taken off the joint checking account until I learned the value of money.) And he can't even have lunch because he blew his allowance on Pokemon cards.Sheldon covers himself with Penny and Leonard, saying if Kripke ever asks, his coitus with Amy is frequent, intense, and whimsically inventive.LEONARD: (to Penny) Is my coitus whimsically inventive.PENNY: That's what I write on the bathroom walls. 'For a whimiscally inventive time, call Leonard Hofstadter.'LEONARD: I know you're joking, but I'd be totally OK with that.Penny asks Sheldon if he will ever have sex with Amy, even though nobody ever asks him that.SHELDON: I'm quite fond of Amy. All my life, I have been uncomfortable with the sort of physical contact that comes easily to others...Hand shaking, hugging, prostate exams...but I'm working on it. Recently, I had to put Vap-O-Rub on Amy's chest. A year ago, that would have been unthinkable.LEONARD: (flesh crawling) Now you know how I feel when I have to put it on you.PENNY: So are you saying, one day you and Amy might get...physical?SHELDON: (gives it a lot of consideration) It's possible.Penny is in shock, grabbing Leonard's arm. (or when the cameras aren't rolling, punching it)Oh, one little problem with letting Kripke think Sheldon was sleeping with Amy? He wanted details. Like whether Amy was naked or wearing lingerie. (SHELDON: I was busy squishing all the desirable parts of her body!) But Sheldon wants to get back to work. However, Kripke wants to know if they use toys.SHELDON: I have a model rocket next to my bed.KRIPKE: (loving it) Oh, you're a FWEAK! I'm WOVING it! (told you)
