The guys conclude their evening at a retirement party for Professor Rothman, who was forced to retire because he snapped. It happens to theoretical physicists all the time. And they wonder how long it'll take for Sheldon (Jim Parsons) to snap. Judging by the way he threw out his shrimp because they were all the same size and therefore he didn't know in what order to eat them, not very long. They pass by Dr. Rothman's office, and Sheldon calls dibs on it. Although they go inside to find Barry Kripke (John Ross Bowie) already measuring for curtains. He called dibs on it last Christmas thinking Rothman's days were limited when he tried to have intercourse with the Toys for Tots collection box. Rothman walking into his old office naked would seem to indicate that story wasn't a complete exaggeration. Sheldon claimed seniority over Kripke and both went to President Siebert to settle it...while he was trying to go to the bathroom. He tells them to decide it for themselves, mainly because he "couldn't give the furry crack of a rat's behind." Sheldon suggests to be diplomatic, although he did lace Kripke's tea just to be on the safe side. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) suggests Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock, the Internet meme invented Sam Kass (all hail Sam Kass! HAIL!) Sheldon explains the moves to Kripke (look it up, I'm not writing all of it), then Kripke asks him to explain it again, which Sheldon does. Then Kripke asks him to explain a third time, but thankfully Howard (Simon Helberg) stops him because Kripke is messing with him. Sheldon then suggests trivia: anything in the Star Trek universe will do, but Kripke declines it. Since there's so many things both of them are good at, Raj asks them what is one thing both of them are bad at? Sports.Amy (Mayim Bialik) brings a present over to Penny (Kaley Cuoco) as a thank you for elevating her social status.AMY: Before I met you, I was a mousy wallflower. But look at me now! I'm like some kind of downtown hipster party girl! With a posse, a boyfriend, and a new lace bra that hooks in the front of all things!Penny opens her present and REALLY wishes she hadn't. It was a painting of Amy and Penny that wouldn't sell for $19 at a starving artists' sale. In fact, Penny may want to make sure Amy isn't wearing stilettos any time she's around Leonard (Johnny Galecki). Penny really can't bring herself to tell the truth and hopes to hang it up later, except Amy thought of that and brought a hammer and a couple of hooks. Later, Penny looks at the painting with Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), who agrees it is big...and ugly...and Penny looks a bit like a man in it. (To say nothing of her scared expression in the painting.) Penny thinks she can take it down and tell Amy that it made Bernadette jealous.BERNADETTE: Nuh-uh. What if she gets me one? I already have a picture of me and Howard's mother getting cornrows in Venice Beach. I've suffered enough.Penny wants to take it down and put it up when Amy was by, but she thinks it was too heavy. (BERNADETTE: Maybe if you were as strong as the man in the picture...)(As an aside, the person doing the closed-captioning has NO sense of humor. They don't type out Barry's lisped words in the subtitles. Man, live a little, willya?)Sheldon and Kripke try basketball. You know those little third-graders who play just for fun and everybody gets a participation trophy? Those kids would wipe the floor Sheldon and Kripke. They are just awful.LEONARD: (watching the disaster) You know all those terrible things bullies used to do to us? I get it.Leonard finally stops the disaster and decides the first one to hit a free throw wins. (SHELDON: Use the Force, Sheldon. Use the Force. I gotta use more force.) 45 painful minutes later, they decide whoever bounces the ball highest gets the office. Sheldon is successful and gets the office. (SHELDON: Who's unsatisfactory in P.E. now!)Penny, Amy, and Bernadette sit at the apartment and enjoy , which Amy never saw because her mother thought it would encourage her to join a gang. Bernadette has to leave because her department is testing a new steroid in the morning that doesn't shrink testicles and the last one there has to measure. Amy has to go, too.AMY: Good night, painting Penny. Good night, real Penny.PENNY: Good night, real Amy.AMY: You never have to say goodnight to painting Amy because she's never leaving.BERNADETTE: (after Amy leaves) Good night, real Penny. Good night, transvestite Penny.Naturally, Penny tries to take down the painting, and Amy comes back and catches her. Penny tries to play it off, but Amy is heartbroken and takes it with her. ("I'm just glad I didn't go for the sculpture!") Penny goes to Amy's to apologize, but Amy is upset their friendship is clearly symmetrical...not to mention the painting cost her $3,000. To salvage things, Penny tells her the painting made Bernadette very jealous.AMY: (dismayed) Oh, my God. Why didn't I see this? The painting is a constant reminder that of the three of us, she is the least cool!That's good enough for Penny, and Amy goes to put the painting back in her apartment. ("Screw it, she's lucky we let her hang out with us!") She puts it up on the wall behind the TV (so the audience will have a tough time seeing the show). Originally, they were nude in the painting, but Amy thought clothes would be better to not challenge their heterosexuality. ("But if you change your mind, all we need is some warm soapy water and some sponges.")Sheldon goes to enjoy the new trappings of his office, which includes Professor Rothman. Yes, he's still naked and doesn't care. Also, the air conditioning is cranked up to max due to Professor Davenport's hot flashes. Not to mention the hole in the wall, the windchimes, and the mockingbird who is out of tune with the windchimes. To top it off, the vibrations from the geology lab sieve shaking machines. Sheldon gets his head stuck in the hole trying to figure out what creature was in there. He asks Leonard to get some help. And Leonard will, after he takes a picture of Sheldon and posts it to Facebook.
