It's really happening. Howard (Simon Helberg) is in the Soyuz rocket with Dimitri (), a Russian cosmonaut, and NASA astronaut  and they were about thirty minutes from launch. Howard decided right then he changed his mind and wanted to stay home. Mass and Dimitri got a good laugh out of that. If they thought that was funny, Howard told them of the bit he'll do where he cries during the entire launch. They were excited. So was everybody back at the apartment. although Amy (Mayim Bialik) was more excited about Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) eidetic memory. It does work, though. He knew every ingredient in a can of Pringles, including his favorite: uniformity. (AMY: The uterus quivers, does it not?) Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) is understandably nervous, but Raj (Kunal Nayyar) is so freaked out, he was wearing his fat pants after stress-eating for four days. But Sheldon is impressed Howard is strapped to a rocket that will ignite an explosion of 200 pounds of rocket fuel right under his keyster, made by a country whose primary contributions to the global economy are Tetris and mail-order brides.BERNADETTE: GIVE ME THOSE DAMN PRINGLES!While Dimitri thinks Howard is called Froot Loops because of his very gay haircut (which is actually a better reason than Howard's mother giving him Froot Loops for breakfast every morning), we go back to Howard and Bernadette a few days earlier. Howard gives her a little star pendant as a gift, which he holds on to so she'll have a star that's actually been in space. (HOWARD: Take that, any guy who's ever bought you anything.) But that settled it for Bernadette. She wanted to be married to Howard before he went up to the space station. The trouble was Howard was heading to Russia in two days. They decide to get married at City Hall and have the reception after he got back. They go to tell the gang, and Amy is FURIOUS! She wanted to wear her bridesmaid's dress and tiara and walk down the aisle to The Way You Look Tonight. (That's her wedding song, not Howard and Bernadette's.) Sheldon doesn't think he'll like it either, but peer pressure from the others made them cave.LEONARD: Come on, Sheldon. It'll be fine.SHELDON: That's what you said about the  movie. You were 114 minutes of wrong.Everybody heads to City Hall. Amy wonders if seeing couples in love gets Sheldon thinking. It does...about whether Leonard (Johnny Galecki) feels awkward being there when he recently proposed to Penny (Kaley Cuoco). During sex. And the cat's out of the bag.HOWARD: Did you get down on one knee or were you already there?BERNADETTE: Howard, don't talk like that on your wedding day.HOWARD: Sorry, Ma...Bernadette/Ma/Bernadette. (Hard to type this out but it was very Freudian.)Penny, you might suspect, was none too thrilled Leonard told Sheldon, and Leonard took offense that she won't let him talk to his friends or propose. Amy gets everybody quiet, but it was too late in the day to get married. And Howard telling the clerk he's an astronaut didn't work.While Amy searches for a couple that needs a maid of honor, Raj comes up with the solution for a romantic wedding. The Google Earth satellite would be passing over Pasadena on Sunday morning, so Howard and Bernadette could get married while it takes pictures. The only question now was who would officiate the ceremony. Penny suggested one of them could get ordained online. Sheldon volunteered if he could do the ceremony in Klingon. Bernadette wasn't much for that idea. (SHELDON: {to Howard} What do you see in her?)Sunday arrives and Howard came up with a thoughtful groomsman's gift for the guys: a copy of The Fantastic Four comic where Reed Richards and Sue Storm get married. Sheldon isn't happy because the comic was worth $100, and he got them an $88 gravy boat. He handed Howard $12 to make it even, although he did take $2 back for the card. But the ceremony was ready. Everybody had to speak up because Howard's mother wouldn't move her chair any closer. She didn't want to fall off the roof. (HOWARD: She should be more worried about falling THROUGH the roof.) And her mustache didn't endear her to Bernadette's father, given it was bigger than his. Everybody gave a little speech since everybody got ordained. Raj was so touched by the love Howard and Bernadette shared, he couldn't finish and broke down crying. Penny talked about how it didn't matter how and where they got married, as long as they had each other. And Leonard had a slight objection to that, which Sheldon was very happy to elaborate on. Amy thanked Bernadette for letting her be maid of honor and would be happy to do it again if this marriage craps out. Leonard talked about best friends who fell in love in each other because that at its core has kindness, patience, and respect.LEONARD: Qualities that are hard to find in people these days.SHELDON: (to Penny) Would you like some aloe vera? Because you just got burned.Sheldon began his speech...in Klingon. Bernadette cut him off, and he switched to English under protest, talking about the need to find another human being to share someone's life with.SHELDON: It has always puzzled me. Maybe because I'm so interesting all by myself. May you find as much as happiness with each other as I have on my own.Bernadette and Howard exchange their own vows, and the gang pronounces them husband and wife.And now back to the launch. Everybody is freaking out as the Soyuz rocket takes off. (I really didn't think he'd go through with it!) Bernadette says how much she loves Howard...and so does Raj. Bernadette takes Raj's hand. Penny admitted one little part of her thought Howard was lying about it, and she takes Leonard's hand. Sheldon tells Howard to boldly go...and takes Amy's hand.See you in September!
