The gang was gathered for dinner, and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) was nice enough to fix the tag on Raj's (Kunal Nayyar) shirt. Which he claimed to be the closest to sex he's been in 2 years. Which grossed her out. Which made it even more realistic for Raj. Raj wanted a change of topic, and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) was more than happy to volunteer Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) non-burgeoning acting career. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) tried to defend her, saying chasing her dream was a good thing in his book but got called out for it right away.HOWARD: Is that book called Lies I Tell to Get Sex?RAJ: Is that book real, because I'd totally read that book.AMY: Can I borrow it when you're done?Apparently, she turned down appearing in the sequel to Serial Apeist, where she'd be brought back from the dead and have her DNA mixed in with the ape's, so she would only have ape hands and feet and go on a killing spree. (SHELDON: Am I missing something, or does that part something she was born to play?) Leonard wondered why she didn't take the part and get the money as opposed to what she was doing now, which was nothing. Nothing, coincidentally, would now be what he was doing later that night. Sheldon was actually disappointed because everybody wanted to leave over the sudden tension, and he wanted to move on to the next failing career: Howard's.HOWARD: I work at the same university you do.SHELDON: And Hawkeye's one of The Avengers (2012) but you never hear anyone saying "Help, Hawkeye!"Bernadette demanded to know why Sheldon picked on Howard (Simon Helberg) all the time. And after Penny and Leonard went off to have a fight after more foot-in-mouth wisdom from Leonard, Sheldon had a perfectly-logical explanation for why he insulted Howard all the time: Howard started it. When Howard first met Sheldon 10 years ago, Howard said he looked like a cross between C-3PO and Pee-Wee Herman. (SHELDON: He called me C-3Pee-Wee Herman.) He also replaced the slides in one of Sheldon's lectures with a bunch of nude fat women bending over. (HOWARD: The lecture was on cosmic gas clouds. It was funny!) And the insults and pranks have continued to this day. (SHELDON: To this day, I still get a monthly copy of Granny On Granny. Which apart from its suprisingly-fun puzzle page is complete filth.)The next day, Howard stopped by Sheldon's office to say that they should stop pranking and be better friends. Bernadette gave him a very good reason for not doing it. Actually, she took off her bra in bed and gave him two good reasons. Howard thought a good place to start would be for both of them to stop insulting each other. (SHELDON: That's a great idea. And in the spirit of our new arrangement, I will mask my surprise that you came up with it.) Howard also invited him to go to NASA in Houston since he had to give a speech there and Bernadette couldn't make it. Howard figured Sheldon could visit his mother and get a tour of the space center. Sheldon did have one question: was this a prank? Would they land in Houston and find Sheldon's face on wanted posters with a Spanish name and he ends up getting deported? The answer was no.Raj stopped by Amy's (Mayim Bialik) lab because he wanted to ask her for a favor. Nobody had been writing to him on his online profile, so he had given up for some time. But he found someone online he thought would be ideal for him (she never had an Adam's Apple, and Raj liked that in a woman), and he wanted Amy to give her opinion of what he wrote.RAJ: "Emily, your face is like a precious, dew-kissed flower..."AMY: Wow. Um, you're supposed to be yourself. Not all desperate and creepy.RAJ: OK, I'm getting some mixed messages here.Amy suggested just he just say he saw her profile and thought she was interesting and ask to meet for coffee, and Raj thought he could say he was jealous of the cup touching her ruby lips. Raj asked her to write it, to pretend to be his online wingman. She agreed, only to have Emily tell her she thought Raj was too shy and passive because he made her write the note. Raj claimed he wasn't shy and passive. (RAJ: You write her back and tell her I said that! You know, when you have a second.) Amy would try again because she was meeting Emily for coffee. They had a lot in common, having both gone to Harvard, liking Geoffrey Chaucer, and really being into quilting.Now that Howard and Sheldon were friends, the teams had to change up a bit when they played Risk. Which was probably good, because Raj was annoying the hell out of Howard trying to get him to complete his sentences. Leonard would have to put Risk on hold because Penny needed to talk to him. Her car died and couldn't be fixed. (But Sheldon was grateful the "check engine" light had finally gone out!) She couldn't drive to auditions and the part in Serial Apeist II was already given to someone else.PENNY: (crying) Now that girl's gonna get discovered and become famous and go on Letterman and talk about how she got her big break on some cheap monkey movie all because some stupid girl thought it was beneath her!LEONARD: At least they talked about you on Letterman.Leonard offered to drive her to auditions, but Penny pointed out he worked, and now she would have to go back to being a waitress for the rest of her life.SHELDON: (interrupting) Leonard, could you wrap it up? We're waiting on you.PENNY: (ready to kill Sheldon) I'm sorry, is the fact that my life's falling apart interrupting your board game?SHELDON: It is.Leonard decided the least he could do was take Penny over to the Cheesecake Factory to help her get her job back. Clearly she wasn't thrilled to do it; her last words to the staff there being "I quit! See you at the Oscars, bitches!" But Leonard decided to let her drive. Only it wasn't Leonard's car. It was a car he bought for her. It wasn't anything fancy, but it ran quite well, and Penny was ecstatic.Howard wasn't happy that he was being made to take Sheldon on a trip, but Bernadette wasn't taking the blame. She didn't tell him to take him on a romantic getaway. (HOWARD: How do I know what you said, you and your noise-cancelling breasts.) But Sheldon was excited to be going to NASA and get a tour with a real astronaut. (SHELDON: Who's the real astronaut?!?) On the plane, Sheldon kept getting up to go to the bathroom (yes, he had the window seat and Howard was in the aisle), except he would never use it because it didn't seem safe without a seatbelt. Howard decided he had had enough of Sheldon's insults that Sheldon didn't think were insults and wouldn't let him go. Sheldon was confused until Howard pointed out that he was a real astronaut and Sheldon knew that. Sheldon was just jealous, and Sheldon admitted to it. Sheldon idolized astronauts growing up and wished he could have been one. And to see Howard do it was difficult...SHELDON: ...because it made me realize they'll just send anyone up there.The plane starts getting a little turbulent, and Howard got a little smug at how scared Sheldon was of it. And then there was a lot more turbulence, and suddenly Howard wasn't nearly as smug.At the coffee shop, Amy tried to convine Emily that Raj was a decent and sweet guy who would make a good date, and then Raj comes in uninvited and sweaty to undo all of the good Amy just said about him. (RAJ: Would a passive and shy guy barge in here just to say "hey dew-kissed flower, what's up?") And that not only sealed Raj's fate, now Amy didn't have anybody to go to a Chaucer reading Friday night.RAJ: Not my best first date, but not my worst either.As for Sheldon and Howard, they got through the turbulence by holding each other's hands and apologizing for every last mean thing they did to one another. (SHELDON: If I lost you there'd be a hole in my life. Kind of like when Firefly (2002) was cancelled. Only not as big!)The turbulence eventually faded. The hand-holding? That took a few more minutes.
