Surgery is beginning, and Dr. Wolowitz is ready to make the first incision. Aided by his trusty assistant, Dr. Koothrappali, he readies a #6 torque screwdriver."Stop! It's not right!"Once again, Sheldon has moral issues...regarding swapping out the TiVo's hard drive for a larger one. Once the orange plastic seals are opened, the warranty is invalidated. Sheldon cannot break that trust between them and the manufacturer. However, given that the only other alternative is to erase the entire first season of "Battlestar Galactica" to make more room on the drive, Sheldon opts to violate the trust. The reason for this need is discussed as Penny comes in and hands Leonard a rolling suitcase perfectly suited for "taking daffodils to your unicorn." The boys are heading to San Francisco for a symposium where there will be "discussions on bio-organic cellular computer devices, advancements in multi-threaded task completion, plus a roundtable on the non-equilibrium Green's function approach to the photo ionization process in atoms.""Usually when I go to San Francisco, I just get hammered and ride the cable cars."---PennyBut even Leonard is psyched to go, as they will meet Dr. George Smoot, a Nobel-prize winning physicist, whose work in black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation completely altered our understanding of the universe. (You stopped reading after "physicist," didn't you.) Of course, one may wonder why they would take the train, which takes 7 hours and is twice as expensive as flying to San Francisco. Those of you who said Sheldon won the vote, 1-3, you'd be correct.There appears to still be some time before the boys have to leave, as Sheldon is spending it attaching RFID tags to every article of clothing he is taking and indexing them on his laptop. That way, he can cross-reference the clothes to account for events, destination, duration of trip, weather, etc. He should be done in about 3 hours, 11 minutes. Of course, this won't leave him time to join the guys in making fun of the workers in the Apple Store Genius Bar, but now the whole thing seems kind of redundant to Leonard.Finally boarding the train (about the time the plane would have landed at SFO), Sheldon is insisting they sit where you get the most panoramic ocean vistas (without any Costco's or Jiffy Lube's) and without feeling the train axles on this Pullman-built Superliner Deluxe Passenger coach."Sheldon, we've been on this train 90 seconds, and you've already said a thousand words. Just tell us where to sit and shut up!" (Clearly, Leonard has gotten around to reading the Sheldon manual.)Raj isn't too depressed. At least it's not third-class coach on a train in India, whose bathroom consists of dropping trou and sticking your buttocks over a hole in the train. Before Sheldon can wax philosophical about the 1,200 km Ranakpur Express (and boring everybody on an international scale), Raj discovers something incredible...Summer Glau. (Yes, from Firefly and Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles.) Time for the boys to debate on how to meet her...once they've silenced Sheldon about how Summer could be a Terminator in disguise that has infiltrated shows and movies about Terminators to wreak havoc on the human race. (Although it does kind of explain that whole Christian Bale thing, doesn't it?) Howard, shockingly, is the first to think he can score with Ms. Glau. Of course, Raj thinks he has a better shot of scoring with Arnold Schwarzenegger. However, with an 11-hour window, Howard is convinced that she will either do a tuck and roll off a moving train or succumb to the acquired taste that is Howard Wolowitz. (Vegas is giving $1.20 on the tuck and roll.) Raj counters with the fact that, while he's typically mute in front of women when sober, he offers foreign and exotic vs. Howard's pasty and frail. ("You know the old saying...pasty and frail...never fail.") Leonard wants a shot, too, but he figures one gorgeous woman he doesn't have a shot with is enough in his lifetime.Raj prepares to get ready, demanding to know where the lounge is. Before Sheldon can launch into the history of the Pacific Parlour Car recently added to this train line, he is heading for the booze. Meanwhile, Howard practices his opening line, since merely saying "hello" creeps girls out. However, there is a problem: Sheldon has forgotten his flash drive and must go back right now. On it was a paper concerning astrophysical probes of M-theory effects on the early universe he planned to give to George Smoot...because it's brilliant! Of course, emailing it to him at a later point will not suffice because he won't get to see Dr. Smoot's face light up. Leonard tries to tell him that there's nothing he can do about it, so he should just relax."You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive...You forgot your flash drive..." Only 10 hours, 55 minutes to go.Leonard has come up with another solution, presumably for his sanity: have Penny get the flash drive and email the paper. However, the drive is in a locked drawer, with the key hidden somewhere in Sheldon's room. "People don't go in my room!""Well, once again, it looks like you're caught between a rock and a crazy place."Howard has his opening line: "It's hot in here; must be Summer." He heads for Ms. Glau, but can't deliver the line. He approaches again and chickens out. He decides to retrench and practice, but Raj has worked up the courage (i.e., inebriation), to approach Summer. "It's hot in here; it must be Summer." She thinks it's cute, and we have the first ****block on The Big Bang Theory. Raj is going all-out, and it's actually working. Not sure if Summer believes "Slumdog Millionaire" is loosely based on Raj, but no matter. Howard can't believe what is happening.Back at Penny's apartment, she is trying to get some people to come to a play in which she's the lead...above a bowling alley...as Anne Frank (Yikes!) when Sheldon beeps in. Sheldon is apparently channeling the watchers from "Eagle Eye" by giving Penny step-by-step instructions without using the words "Penny," "Sheldon," "favor," or "please," which Leonard quickly clears up before the conversation turns awkward.Raj is doing quite well with Summer, saying how the Big Dipper is referred to as the Big Curry Pot. He also does well complimenting her on the fact that she was actually IN space on Firefly."You're not one of those guys who really believed that, were you?""You mean one of those 'hopeless geeks'? Of course not. They're crazy people. Howard, get me another one of these, will ya? (to Summer) He's one of those." Because Howard and Raj were sitting back-to-back on the train and Raj couldn't kick him in the groin directly.As Sheldon continues to give directions to Penny (and Leonard translates to human for him), Howard can't understand why putting alcohol into Raj makes him M. Night Charmalon. But an interesting discovery is made: Raj is drinking non-alcoholic beer, apparently thinking it's the real thing. Of course, Howard is MORE than delighted to point this out to Raj, and the placebo effect of the near beer wears off in an instant. Raj clams up and leaves. Howard is ready to go in for the kill. Summer may want to have her noose ready: she's about to encounter a "talking with Ted Striker" moment in her life."Hi, I'm the small package good things come in." (See? Told you.)In Sheldon's bedroom, Penny has found a box with a lot of letters in it. She can't find the key, but she now knows Sheldon's grandmother calls him "Moon Pie." Before Sheldon starts biting himself all over and has to be put down by Travis next to Old Yeller, Leonard convinces her to make amends. She does. ("What up, Moon Pie!") Penny finally finds the correct box, but it's a Japanese puzzle box that has 10 precise moves to make in order to open it. Turns out, Penny only needed one: she smashes the box with her foot.I have not actually seen Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. However, if Summer's character ever had to kill someone in it, I'm guessing she had the same look on her face that she does now while Howard describes his dream about her. It would seem Howard was ice skating with her, twirled her around by her ankles until her legs tore off and she turned into a giant loaf of pumpernickel bread. By the way, did you know the words "pumper" and "nickel," in German, loosely translate to "fart goblin?" Yes, Summer would have been happy the rest of her life not knowing that, either. Although Howard can't be all bad; he did mention legendary guitarist Johnny Winter. OK, it would make Summer's name "Summer Winter" if she married him, but still... Finally, Howard decides to play it honest, and she shoots him down. He is ready to leave her alone, but asks for a picture together for his Facebook page. She agrees (very nice person, Summer is), and they take the picture. But when Howard also wants one that looks like they're making out, she draws the line...and he needs a new cell phone.Finally, Penny and Moon Pie are making progress. Penny is inserting the flash drive in the USB port...once Sheldon explains the Moon Pie thing. ("I'm nummy-nummy, and she can just eat me up...now PLEASE!") When Howard comes back and explains being terminated by Summer (oh, like you didn't see that pun coming), Leonard suddenly becomes emblazoned to try asking her out."OK, I'll be honest with you. I've just spent the last two hours imagining various scenarios in my head, trying to come up with some clever line to say to you. But I finally realize that you're a human being, and I'm a human being, and if I could just say to you...""THIS STOP IS SANTA BARBARA!""I'm sorry. This is me." And Leonard is left to wonder what could have been.On the good side, Sheldon knows exactly where he stands with Dr. Smoot at the conference. And Sheldon should really cut back on the crack if he thinks Dr. Smoot will let him take top billing on combined research.
