45 days ago, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) said goodbye as he embarked on his train trek across the country. And now, he's stuck in a train station with one sock, a shirt, and his tighty-whiteys. He tried to get help from people in the train station he was at, but the one lady wasn't knitting him a pair of pants, another guy wouldn't let him use his mobile phone because he refused to wear pajamas ("the sleep pants of The Man"), and when Sheldon challenged a third person to ask him the difference between a boson and a fermion to prove he wasn't deranged.SHELDON: BOSONS HAVE FULL INTEGER SPIN! FERMIONS HAVE A HALF-INTEGER SPIN! (the man runs away) Why are my legs cold? Why won't anyone help me?Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) were together, she had her new haircut, and she was doing yoga. She wanted Leonard to join her, but he needed to get some caffeine in him first before he turned her down. Sheldon called, having finally made it to the police station in Kingman, AZ, where they loaned him a pair of pants and a phone. He wants Leonard to drive down there...and bring him a pair of pants. Not to mention his mail, a toothbrush, and a good comeback for his new nickname "Chicken Legs." Because apparently, saying "I know you are but what am I?" doesn't really work that well. Not to mention, the cops there weren't really interested in trying to locate his stuff. Penny couldn't go with because Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) got her an interview at her pharmaceutical company to be a sales rep. Leonard asked her if there was any reason he couldn't invite Amy (Mayim Bialik) to drive with him, and Penny didn't have one. (LEONARD: Come on, you didn't even try!) And given Amy spent the six hour drive to Arizona complaining that Sheldon didn't say goodbye to her and he called Leonard instead of her when he was in trouble, you could understand why Leonard was not thrilled to have her along for the ride.Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) made a quick detour to see Howard's mother. Howard was worried that Stuart (Kevin Sussman) was still living there and thought they were getting too chummy. In a creepy way, like Raj and his dog.RAJ: She..feeds him out of her own mouth?HOWARD: I mean, he calls her Debbie, she calls him Stewie, and they're all giggly around each other. And believe me, when food goes in that mouth it does not come out.Raj wondered if Howard was upset Stuart was replacing him as her son or was becoming her lover. Howard vehemently denied being replaced as a son. ("I'm her little matzo ball.") And he thought his mother was too old to have a sex life, despite Raj trying to convince him otherwise. But Howard may have a point, as Stuart originally planned to move out once Debbie got her cast off, but both of them decided otherwise because they were having too much fun together. Which did not sit well with Howard, obviously.Penny was feeling nervous about not having gone on an interview in years, and Bernadette tried to tell her she talked Penny up to, Dan, the HR person at her company. (BERNADETTE: You're cute, you're flirty, and...there was really going to be three things.) Aside from a bikini car wash in high school, Penny didn't think she was much of a salesperson, but Bernadette reminded her she used to push the fish tacos when she was a waitress before they go bad, only now she'll "push anti-depressants before the FDA finds out they cause rectal bleeding." Penny still wasn't convinced because she didn't know much about pharmaceuticals.BERNADETTE: Oh, I understand. You really want to do something you're good at. I know! Why don't I get you a job at the "sitting around all day in yoga pants" factory!!PENNY: (sheepish) They're really comfortable.Leonard and Amy made it to Arizona, and Sheldon must have been truly desperate because he hugged Leonard. And didn't hug Amy. She didn't miss that, and she really didn't miss him asking why she was there.AMY: Don't you have anything to say besides "Why did you come?"SHELDON: I do...but I feel uncomfortable saying it in front of these police officers.AMY: (intrigued) OK, whisper it.SHELDON: (gets close to her ear) Shotgun.While Amy stewed in the back seat, Sheldon talked about his trip. He visited New York, Chicago, Atlanta, Denver, Seattle...well, the train stations, anyway. He never left a single one of them. (SHELDON: Why would I? That's where all the cool trains are.)Penny's interview with Dan (Stephen Root) went about as well as a community college student who spent most of her career as a waitress would go. She couldn't get a single question right and finally gave up, apologizing for wasting Dan's time. She asked Dan not to mention how badly the interview went to Bernadette because she scares her a bit. (DAN: You're scared of Bernadette? I thought I was the only one!) Apparently, he was too afraid to tell Bernadette they cut the funding for one of the medications she was working on. And Penny got a job bonding over their shared fear of Bernadette.Amy was quite mad, and Sheldon playing "guess what ketchup was at the hot dog stand in each train station" was making things worse. She was upset that Sheldon left her without saying goodbye and then called Leonard when he needed help. He asked her for some privacy with Leonard, and she put her fingers in her ears.SHELDON: (whispers) Leonard, as soon as we get home, I want to have coitus with Amy. (audience goes wild) OK, she can't hear. (crowd is PISSED!)He tells Leonard he didn't want to call Amy and thus have to admit he couldn't make it on his own. Leonard couldn't see the big deal.SHELDON: Of course it's not big deal to you. You idolize me, and nothing could ever knock me off that pedestal you put me on.Leonard tells him to tell Amy what he just said, and Sheldon does. Amy was touched that he was worried about that.AMY: Sheldon, it's OK with me that you're not perfect.SHELDON: (asks for privacy again, which Amy happily grants) Amy hurt my feelings. I want to break up with her.They arrived home, and both Leonard and Amy convince Sheldon he still made quite an accomplishment. If anybody had heard Sheldon would leave to travel across the country on a train, everybody would say he couldn't do it...right after they said "yay!" Sheldon's confidence was boosted as he entered the apartment. He's ready to take on any change that comes his way.SHELDON: (enters and sees Penny) Your hair is different! You changed your hair! I can't take this! I'm out!But not before he showed pictures from his iPhone he saved in the cloud...of the seat he didn't use on the train because it had cracker crumbs...and the train bathroom...and the bottle of Immodium A-D he bought because he saw the train bathroom...and the Des Moines train station...which was on fire but he refused to leave...although the Immodium A-D stopped working right around then...
