It's date night for Leonard and Howard! Yes, dates with women that will acknowledge that Leonard and Howard are their boyfriends. If there are other kinds of women out there, Howard would probably be the expert on those of the artificial variety. Howard asks Leonard to watch the PDAs. That is, since he wants to make out with Bernadette, then Leonard has to make sure he makes out with Penny. ("No problem. We're planning to have sex on the salad bar.") Unfortunately, Raj is left with only Sheldon, who wants to run a full backup, reinstall, and reinitialize his computer. Oh, what fun.Penny is looking forward to having a good night, once the talk of flesh-eating bacteria ceases. She's considering cutting her hair. Her psychic told her that cutting her hair would get her a national TV commercial. Scientist Leonard tried not to laugh at that thought. Tried, anyway. Needless to say Penny is not happy, and even more needless to say, Leonard doesn't know when to shut up. ("Good job not making fun of her."---Howard)PENNY: Why are you being such a jerk?LEONARD: What, your psychic didn't tell you I was going to be a jerk?Raj tries to get Sheldon to go outside, but Sheldon wants to know why outside is so good when humanity has spent centuries perfecting inside. ("It's a marketing scheme.") Raj foregoes Sheldon's idea of using their imaginations to go to "Flatland." He suggest wearing Zoot Suits and swing dancing at the mall, but Sheldon wonders why you'd wear something that was a part of the Zoot Suit Riots in the 1940s. (And I feel so embarrassed for thinking of the Cherry Poppin' Daddies' song first.) He then suggests going to a university mixer for the science and philosophy departments. ("For those who split atoms or split infinitives.") Sheldon is convinced to go when Raj bribes him with his Green Lantern lantern. Sheldon's job is to be Raj's wingman. No matter what lie Raj comes up with, Sheldon has to nod and agree with it. Raj checks out the females, and Sheldon finds him one...the 80-year-old wife of one of the professors. (Well, she is a female.) The Limited Edition Green Lantern lantern does hook them Abby (Danica McKellar), who is impressed that Raj is from India.ABBY: Well, I saw Slumdog Millionaire.RAJ: Well, I'm a Slumdog Physicist.SHELDON: I thought your father was a gynecologist.Obviously Sheldon needs to work on being a wingman. But the Green Lantern lantern works its magic again when Abby's friend, Martha, comes by and swoons in its presence.Clearly the dinner is the most uncomfortable double-date in history. Leonard won't let the issue of psychics go. Penny is upset that Leonard won't budge on this because he doesn't think something is a fact if he disagrees with it. Leonard tries to get scientists Howard and Bernadette to back him up, but they know better than to jump into a couple's argument. Even going up the stairs back to the apartment, Penny won't budge, and Leonard won't back off. She slams the door in his face, leaving her leftovers in his hands.LEONARD: Want your fish? (she grabs it and slams the door) I knew you were going to do that. It doesn't make me psychic!....Attaboy, Leonard. Make it worse.On the good side: there is good music in his apartment, courtesy of Sheldon, Raj, Abby, Martha, and The Guess Who.LEONARD: What's going on?SHELDON: We scored. I'm the wingman.Howard had a better night than Leonard: he got to eighth base (which, he says, is seventh base with his shirt off). Leonard's method for stress release without Penny? Lasering innocent Cylon figurines. Howard still can't believe how stubborn Leonard is being. Leonard doesn't want to compromise all of his intellectual beliefs for the mere fact he can date.LEONARD: What am I supposed to do? Pretend to believe something I don't when I'm with Penny?HOWARD: I'm sure Penny fakes all sorts of things when she's with you.Howard demonstrates using a Venn diagram on the whiteboard the intersection between all the women he'd want to sleep with, the ones who believe what Leonard believes, and the ones willing to sleep with him. Leonard doesn't think he can do that. Howard then marks for Leonard the one person he can have sex with by placing a dot on Leonard's right hand. ("Have fun tonight!")Raj comes over and wants to date Abby again, but Sheldon would have to double-date with Martha. Sheldon has more important things to do like reformat his hard drive and disinfect the kitchen and bathroom while that's going on, and learn Finnish. Despite the fact that Sheldon had fun the last time, he doesn't want to do it. Raj begs and begs, but he only has one remaining avenue.RAJ: My Incredible Hulk Hands signed by Stan Lee.SHELDON: Oh, my. (puts them on) HULK AGREES TO SECOND DATE WITH PUNY HUMANS!RAJ: You can't wear the hands on the date.SHELDON: Hulk sad.Leonard joins Penny in the laundry to try and apologize. Clearly he sucks at it.PENNY: Wow, that's all you've got after being the most obnoxious person on a double-date that included Howard Wolowitz? (true that)Penny will forgive him if he goes to see her psychic. He reluctantly agrees. She also warns him that she believe in ghosts, astrology, but not healing crystals. They don't work. Although Voodoo does. You don't want to mess with it.The double-date with Sheldon and Raj seems to be going well. Martha, who apparently prefers Sheldon over Raj, thinks that "Flatland" is a treatise on Victorian social mores. The Hulk appreciates that...just like Abby and Raj are appreciating each other right now. However, it is time for Sheldon to go to bed. Martha is excited, thinking she'll be joining him.SHELDON: GOOD NIGHT, PUNY HUMAN!!!!Martha is not swayed. Since Raj and Abby were getting it on in the living room, she asks Sheldon if she could hang out in his room. He agrees. He goes to sleep in Leonard's room and lets her have his.
