Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) quite the little doodle-bug today, according to Howard (Simon Helberg). Sheldon was actually drawing on a napkin a mock-up of a containment system for a frisbee-sized hole that could serve as a portal to parallel universes. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) warned him many scientists believe opening the door to parallel universes would be bad for our world, but that's why Sheldon made it that size. You can just block it with a frisbee. Sheldon takes off, offering the drawing to Howard. To build something?SHELDON: No, I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin.Howard checked Sheldon's public calendar and noticed he never has anything booked between 2:45 and 3:05. It wasn't to go to the bathroom, which Sheldon does at 8AM, with checkups at 1:45 and 7PM on High-Fiber Fridays. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) is excited, because it was just like one of his murder mystery nights. (LEONARD: Or "who murdered three of my Saturday nights.")Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Leonard discussed their respective days at her apartment, and she got a text from a guy at school. And immediately Leonard tried to confirm they were still dating. Which they were. She said the guy was just a friend who was doing an oral report with her for their class. (LEONARD: Sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after you said 'oral'.) He had just moved from London, and Leonard was already dreading him having the sexiest accent imaginable. Which Penny denied...for about three seconds before giving up and agreeing. Leonard asked her to text she was hanging out with her boyfriend, which she did under protest. And her British classmate, Cole (), immediately concluded her boyfriend made her type that. Penny promised she would find a new partner, even though it would be impossible at this late stage and she would fail the class as a result. (LEONARD: That'd be great. Thanks.)Howard and Raj try to confront Sheldon in the hallway at 2:44, inviting him to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny in the genetics lab. (RAJ: They turn off the out and it's like a cute little laser light show that poops all over the place.) Sheldon takes off without telling them, and Sheldon's assistant, Alex (), doesn't know either, other than she has to buy new pants because corduroy makes too much noise.RAJ: (after she leaves) What I wouldn't give to get her out of those pants...and into something a little more stylish.Of course, they can't leave it at that, so they follow him to a locked storage room in the basement. He couldn't be doing 20-mimute abs because he'd have way better abs, according to Raj.RAJ: Maybe he has  chained up in there. Bill Gates or Stephen Hawking.HOWARD: Why would he chain up Stephen Hawking?RAJ: You can't treat him differently just because he's disabled! That's not OK!At the apartment, Leonard was doing his best jealous Ross from  imitation by staring through the peephole at Penny's door, where she was working on her project. And told Sheldon what he was doing, even though Sheldon didn't realize Leonard was in the room. Leonard finally figures out he's being silly and has nothing to worry about.SHELDON: Oh, I don't know. If your looks are average, then 50% of guys are more handsome than you. (That probably should be 'median', not 'average', but whatevs.) That's 1.5 billion guys waiting to rain on your parade.Leonard admits not being the most handsome...or athletic, or tall, or able to digest dairy products. (Well, Sheldon admitted it for him.) Emotional maturity? (SHELDON: You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.) But Leonard is convinced he trusts Penny and has nothing to worry about.SHELDON: Unless he's a skilled hypnotist. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it. The mind's a mysterious thing. He could be having the time of his life while she thinks she's a chicken pecking for corn.(Yes, the live audience went there.)Howard and Raj return to the locked storage closet in the middle of the night, and once they settle whether they were ninjas or cat burglars (ninjas tonight, cat burglars next time), Howard got out his lockpick set from when he used to be a magician, thinking he could be popular as an escape artist. (HOWARD: I escaped friends, popularity, and every party thrown within a 12-mile radius.) Raj worries there might be Sheldon-laid booby traps, but Howard had that figured out. He pushed Raj in first. But all they found was the number 43 written on a chalkboard. Raj theorizes since 43 is a prime number and prime numbers are used for encryption, he thinks it's code for Sheldon's secret for making his egg salad so tasty. But Howard already knew it was paprika.Leonard, still looking through the peephole, watches Cole head down the stairs and follows him. He introduces himself (trying to sound all street) and asks if Cole knew the cute blonde on the fourth floor. He tells him he tries to keep his distance because "her boyfriend is a scary dude." Which confuses Cole, given Penny told him her boyfriend was a scientist. But that was the gang name, according to Leonard. (LEONARD: They are ka-razy!) Cole leaves...and Penny was right behind Leonard. No, she was not happy at all.LEONARD: We're still dating, right?At the cafeteria, Leonard runs into Alex, although he wanted her to call him Leonard instead of Dr. Hofstadter. Just like his father...and his mother...and his sister...and his cat. (Dr. Boots Hofstadter's degree is honorary.) Leonard tells her about his girlfriend's study partner with an English accent, and Alex swoons over an English accent. (LEONARD: Yeah, you all do.) Leonard thinks Cole is hitting on Penny, but Alex thinks it's just harmless. After all, she's certain Leonard gets hit on all the time.LEONARD: (disbelief) Right. Because girls are always like, "oooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that!"But Alex is certain, because she thinks Leonard is cute and funny, and maybe he's getting hit on without him knowing it. Like right now.LEONARD: (bursts out laughing) I gotta get back to work, thanks for listening. Hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way!Howard and Raj still haven't figured out what 43 means, although it's the neck size of Howard's mother and the element number for tecnitium. Which is radioactive, but Sheldon took two years to build his Lego Death Star, so building a bomb isn't likely. It's also not the answer to life, the universe, and everything. (That's 42) They're ready to give up and go home...but they can't. They plant a secret HD camera in the storage room. If it's good enough for the Mars Rover and is guarded by a cheap lock... Sheldon enters the storage room and opens an unknown box. He records that it's the 44th wormhole generator test. Sheldon turns on the box...AND A WORMHOLE OPENS UP! He's checked 43 universes already and found them empty. Sheldon sticks his head in the hole for #44...AND IS EATEN BY AN ALIEN LIFEFORM!!! Howard and Raj go insane with fear...and the alien lands on their computer. Thrown there by Sheldon. He found the camera and changed the feed. Sheldon was understandably upset.SHELDON: You may not realize it, but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life. Understanding sarcasm, feigning interest in others, not talking about trains as much as I want to. It's exhausting! Which is why, for 20 minutes a day, I like to go down to that room, turn my mind off, and do what I need to do to recharge.He wouldn't tell them what the 43 meant.Penny and Leonard see each other in the hall, and she was still mad because he didn't trust her. She demanded to know why he embarrassed her in front of Cole like that when he knew exactly who Leonard was, given there was a picture of Leonard on her refrigerator.LEONARD: It's hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys are hitting on you, even if I'm standing right there. And they're all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? (pauses) You know what, this is all in my head. It's my problem, not yours.PENNY: Leonard, why do you always do this? Listen to me. You are the one I'm with. You know I love you, so will you please relax? Because you're driving me crazy!(long pause)LEONARD: You know, that's the first time you've ever said you love me.PENNY: (completely scared) Yeah...LEONARD: (equally scared) Am I...supposed to pretend it's not a big deal?PENNY: (starting to lose it) That's...exactly what we're going to do...because...you're about to make me cry and we both know if I start crying then you're gonna start crying.LEONARD: (starting to cry) You're right, we better go!Leonard makes it back to his apartment, still in shock at Penny saying she loved him. He gets a text from Alex saying she enjoyed their talk earlier and she was available anytime he wanted to talk. With a couple of smiley faces.LEONARD: (oblivious to the point where you want to strangle him) What a friendly girl.BTW, the 43? Sheldon playing with a hackey sack. Try as he might, he couldn't reach 43 again.
