Penny (Kaley Cuoco) had a very full day at work. She saved an old man from choking to death! She yelled out the guy was choking, and one of the busboys performed the Heimlich on him, so she's a hero! Meantime, Leonard (Johnny Galecki) wanted to know what she wanted to do for Valentine's Day. She thought they could do something, but Leonard wanted her to be more enthusiastic. She didn't want the pressure of planning something, so Leonard offered to be her Romance Ninja.LEONARD: You don't see it coming, then it's BAM! ROMANCE! WATCH OUT! HEARTS! KISSES! LOVE! WHOO-YAH! (makes a karate chop)PENNY: You know, sometimes I think I've made you so much cooler than you used to be, then you go and do that.Speaking of romance, do you agree the painful passing of a meal with spicy chiles is proof the rectum possesses the sense of taste? Sheldon (Jim Parsons) thinks so, but it still didn't get him out of planning something with Amy (Mayim Bialik) for Valentine's Day.While Howard (Simon Helberg) tried to placate the overworked Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) with a series of OK's on the phone on things he should be doing while she was at the office...and he was swamped playing Assassin's Creed...Raj (Kunal Nayyar) decided that he wasn't going to get all hung up on finding someone for Valentine's Day and suggested Stuart (Kevin Sussman) have a party at the comic book store for all the people who don't have dates.RAJ: The theme can be "the greatest love a man can have is the love he has with himself."STUART: Or maybe something that's less hands-in-pants.But since Stuart planned to hide all the sharp objects in his apartment and white-knuckle it 'til morning, a party sounded good.Sheldon had the perfect solution to his Valentine's problem with Amy: send Alex (Margo Harshman) to get her something. Never mind the fact Alex gave up a job at FermiLab to work for Sheldon. (SHELDON: I guess those chaps will have to have someone else buy their girlfriends gifts.) Alex was really hoping to contribute to Sheldon's scientific work, but at least she can count the money Sheldon gave her to get Amy's gift. She leaves in none-too-good of a mood.SHELDON: (scoffs) 'Contribute to my work'. Kids say the darndest things.Although to Alex's credit, she does a great job with the project. Since Amy liked harps, she found a miniature harp music box that played Amy's favorite song. (SHELDON: But Amy already has a real harp, and it can play any song. What are you trying to pull here?) Since Amy also liked I racconti di Canterbury (1972), she found a frame-able map of the places visited in the story. (SHELDON: But she's got Google Maps on her phone.) Finally, she found a hand-drawn painting of a brain cell signed by Santiago Ramon y Cajal, the father of Neuroscience. Sheldon was very impressed. So impressed, he kept it for himself.Having lost the gift he originally got for Bernadette, their initials carved on a heart 1/1000 the size of a grain of sand ("A micro-Valentines for my microbiologist"), Howard begged to join Leonard and Penny on their restaurant night. Penny approves of the Romance Ninja's choice of restaurant. Howard and Bernadette arguing, not so much. Howard wants to downplay it, but Bernadette had asked him to do some laundry and clean the apartment while she worked late hours and all he did was play on his X-Box, so she hid it from him. (HOWARD: She hid my X-Box like a child. And my mom got that for me for my birthday, so if you don't give it back, I'm telling.) Bernadette was upset Howard couldn't even do one load of laundry, but Howard insisted he was sorry.BERNADETTE: Sorry doesn't clean my underpants, buddy!HOWARD: I told you, turn them inside out.BERNADETTE: And I told you, bite me!Yes, it gets worse. One of Penny's ex-boyfriends walks in...accompanied by the woman he cheated on Penny with. She tries to ignore it, and then he gets down on one knee and proposes to her, which she tearfully accepts. Penny is understandably crushed.LEONARD: Well, two can play this game. Penny... (starts to get down on one knee)PENNY: GET UP!Despite his clinical depression, Stuart was really looking forward to the party at the comic book store. As is Raj. It was too bad Stuart wasn't a woman because of their problems would be solved. They could date, read comic books, go to movies. (RAJ: Then I'd take you home, slip off your little black dress, and pile drive you into oblivion.)Penny isn't liking her evening any better, and Leonard started suffering from foot-in-mouth disease. (LEONARD: He was with the wrong person, and now he's with the right person.) Naturally, that set Penny off. Leonard tried to convince her to forget about them and enjoy their dinner. And Penny was fine...for about five seconds until her ex and his new fiance drank out of each other's glasses, something Penny taught him. Leonard thought she was going to let it go.PENNY: It's not fair, OK? They're bad people. It's not supposed to end happy for them, it's supposed to end happy for me.LEONARD: (quite offended) Um, it did end happy for you. You're here with me.PENNY: (dismissive) Yeah, yeah, I know.LEONARD: You know, this is getting a little hard not to take this personally.PENNY: Oh, stop making this about you.LEONARD: Oh, I can tell this is clearly about you.PENNY: Whatever, OK? I told you Valentine's Day sucks.LEONARD: This one does, and you're the reason why.If there's a silver lining to this, Bernadette and Howard found their argument quite petty by comparison. They decide to blow off dinner and Howard would go straight home to do the laundry. And Bernadette told him his X-Box was in the last place he'd look: the washing machine.Amy shows up for her Valentine's date with Sheldon, and he was prepared to pretend he was enjoying himself. (he even practiced his facial expression for it) But Amy decided she wanted to be a good girlfriend and not put any pressure on Sheldon to do something grand tonight, so she canceled their reservations and they would have pizza at his place while they watched one of his "Star War/Trek things." Sheldon was moved by Amy's generosity. (SHELDON: This is the most thoughtful gift anyone's ever given me. And that includes the awesome gift I gave myself today.) And despite Amy saying he didn't have to get her a gift, he handed her one.AMY: (reading it) "Sheldon Cooper, CalTech University, Employee Information?"SHELDON: Read the bottom.AMY: "In case of emergency, please contact..." (gasps) Amy Farrah Fowler. And there's my phone number! (tearing up) This is the most beautiful gift you could have ever given me.SHELDON: Well, I figured if I ever had a stroke or a kidney stone, who would I like to share that with?Amy is overwhelmed and hugs Sheldon.SHELDON: OK. (won't let go) Stop ruining Valentine's Day and order my pizza. (still won't let go)Penny and Leonard go into their respective apartments, but Leonard decided he wasn't done yet.LEONARD: (mad as hell) You know what? That was pretty crappy of you! All I wanted to do is give you a great night and all you wanted to do was destroy it!PENNY: Yeah, I know. I'm a total bitch.LEONARD: I'm not saying that.PENNY: Well I am!LEONARD: OK, you win. You're a bitch.Penny admitted that things were going very well between them, she was really happy, but she admitted to having commitment issues. Things were going so well, Leonard would always ask her to marry him, then they'd be married forever and it kept freaking her out. But Leonard had a solution.LEONARD: I promise I will never ask you to marry me again. If, someday, you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me. It's all on you. But I gotta tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you on one knee, I want flowers, I want to be swept off my feet!PENNY: (very happy) You got it.LEONARD: And I'm cool with surprises but nothing on a Jumbotron. I don't want to cry on a big screen like that.They kiss, and Penny has a question for him.PENNY: Leonard Hofstadter, will you be my Valentine?LEONARD: Sorry, maybe next year. (leaves and comes back) I'm just kidding. Let's have sex! Romance Ninja!And a third Valentine's night is going well for Stuart and Raj, although their fellow partiers still look pretty sad. Raj has had enough. He thinks everybody has to stop beating themselves up like they were. He gets everyone's attention.RAJ: We are all here tonight because we don't have anybody to be with us, but that doesn't make us mutants! The only mutants here are in these comic books. We have to stop defining our self-worth by whether or not we're in a relationship. You know what I see when I look around? I see a room full of great people. So let's give ourselves a break! We are a community, and as long as we're together, we're never alone!The crowd was impressed, particularly a very shy girl whom Raj asked if she wanted to get some coffee. She agreed.RAJ: (walking out the door) LATER, LOSERS!!!How is Amy's gift from Sheldon working out? Quite busy, if the brain tumor Sheldon had was any indication. Of course, it could have been brain freeze from his ice cream, but Sheldon insisted she come over.AMY: If he had a brain tumor, it would explain a lot.
