Stephanie must be a really good girlfriend to examine Sheldon at their apartment. Mercifully, none of the examination involves the phrase "turn your head and cough." Although Stephanie can't find it, Sheldon insists that he constantly hears an annoying sound. Coincidentally, so does Leonard, although we can safely assume it's a different sound. Hypochondriac Sheldon is convinced it is a tumor, although Leonard theorizes that it could be a bacterial infection caused by all those "toilet swirlies" Sheldon got as a child. (Even in church.) Stephanie remains professional and gives Sheldon a cootie shot before she and Leonard go to bed. However, Sheldon calls an emergency house meeting to discuss the fact that Leonard's girlfriend is now living with him. Although, we are uncertain if it falls under the jurisdiction of a) 10 consecutive nights in a row, b) nine days within a three-week period, or c) all weekends and three weeknights within the same calendar month. Granted, Leonard only initialed the clause because he didn't realize it would ever happen. However, new provisions that are now in effect include: individual shelves in the refrigerator, one extra vacuuming of the apartment per week to account for the extra dead skin cells, that Stephanie does not intend to play a brass or percussive instrument. The provision about bathroom schedule can be discussed at a later time, as women have "different needs."The morning is going about as painfully for Leonard, who has to deny Sheldon's request for Stephanie to give him a prostate exam, in spite of the fact Sheldon will gladly supply the latex gloves. This somehow segues into Sheldon asking Stephanie if Leonard satisfied her sexually last night. He figures that he has the right to ask since Leonard did last night, many times...and only got the answer just now. Excedrin headache #3 for Leonard proceeds to walk in wearing only her underwear, demanding coffee. Stephanie is taken aback, since she has never seen, nor heard about, Penny before today. Leonard tries lamely to cover for it by saying Penny is one of many neighbors that they visit...very casual, no dress code. Leonard even goes down to the third floor to have cereal with Mrs. Vartabedian downstairs. Thankfully, Stephanie has to head off to work, allowing Penny to inquire about Stephanie. Clearly things are going well, as Sheldon confirms they are living together..."like hippies." Leonard, in typical male fashion, denies that they are living together. Penny decides to head to his bedroom to find out for certain."Don't you think if a woman was living with me that I'd be the first one to know about it?""Oh, sweetie, you'd be the last one to know about it."There is plenty of evidence for the prosecution. Either Stephanie has several dresses in Leonard's closet, or Leonard is president of the Eddie Izzard Fan Club. Fuzzy slippers, scented candles, floral-print bed sheets, body lotion, and a picture at Disneyland are among many of the "manly" things that have taken over Leonard's bedroom. However, his missing Bat Signal is the smoking gun: they're living together! A fact later confirmed by the wool/fire ant blend pants that Stephanie bought for Leonard, which are having the effect the typical wool/fire ant blend fabric would have.In the building's laundry, Leonard is washing the wool/fire ant blend pants when Penny comes down. She points out that Leonard can't wash the wool/fire ant blend pants in a washing machine. Leonard is relieved...and starts the washer with the pants in it. Clearly something is bothering Leonard, and Penny asks about it. Leonard seems to be having trouble with the pace at which his relationship with Stephanie is doing. Penny tells him to voice his feelings about Leonard's relationship with Stephanie to her. Leonard doesn't think that's a good idea, but Penny convinces him that he needs to tell Stephanie that he needs the relationship to move at a pace with which they're both comfortable. Leonard decides that's what he'll do, although he asks Penny to say it...or at least go with him.Somehow, Sheldon has convinced Stephanie to give him another examination. Shockingly, Stephanie DOES find something wrong with Sheldon's larynx. She recommends he not talk...IMMEDIATELY! True to the doctor's word, Sheldon complies with the "Sheldonectomy." Leonard is certainly pleased with this prospect, but "he needs to talk" to Stephanie. In "that" way. Stephanie is supportive and wants Leonard to share his feelings. However, Leonard's unfamiliarity with this situation is not helping. He tries to tell Stephanie that they need to move at their pace...except he forgot what Penny told him. Stephanie decides that it would be better if she shares her feelings with him. However, her feelings would require Leonard wait an hour because he just ate. Except that's for swimming. They quickly head for the bedroom.Leonard heads back down to the laundry, where Penny has put his stuff in the dryer. Penny wonders how it went, but Leonard's open shirt and disheveled hair told the entire story. He tried to explain his feelings, but somehow the topic changed. Penny is surprised; mostly by the amount of time it took. Penny pushes him to give it another try."Leonard, you are entitled to try and make things go the way you want them to! You don't always have to go along with what the woman wants....What?""Nothing, just re-evaluating my whole life."Leonard goes back upstairs and tries again, but it seems that whole sex thing keeps getting in the way. He starts with "Stephanie, I really like you..." but Stephanie sees it a mile away."Here comes the speech. The whole 'I really like you but maybe we should spend less time together because I need my space. But I'll call you on Tuesday,' and you don't, so I try and call you but you don't call me back, and then I run into you at the coffee shop and you try and pretend like you've been having problems with your voicemail, even though I know you're lying, but I pretend like I don't care even though I'm dying inside..." She starts to cry, and Leonard has to backpedal and say he ONLY was saying that he really likes her.At the university, Leonard is sporting the latest look from Stephanie. Even though he hates the sweater, it's good to know one of those birds on the opening theme to "The Partridge Family" can still find work. Leonard has to consult Howard and Raj because he and Stephanie are getting new curtains, a dust ruffle, and a duvet for the bed, which Leonard would not want even if he knew what it was. The problem is, every time he tries to break up with Stephanie, she cries, and they end up having sex. That's better than Raj, as it is usually the other way around. Howard recommends dumping Stephanie with a text message. Leonard considers that cowardly, but then he is wearing a bird sweater. He texts Stephanie that it would be better for the relationship if she moves back to her place. Leonard is now convinced he'll never have sex again. Her text reply seems to contradict that, and he's off.Sheldon is still without voice, so he uses his computer to ask Penny for some herbal tea. If possible, he'd also like a bit of hiney with it...actually, that's "honey." Damn typo.
