Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) movie does not appear to be going well. That is, if you go by the fact the director has no problem with her turing into an ape and growing hair everyplace except her breasts. And making her go across the street to the gas station bathroom...and still not be the scariest person in it. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) asked Leonard (Johnny Galecki) for advice on the field he should pursue, and Leonard suggested some interesting research was being done on dark matter right now. Which Sheldon promptly erased from the whiteboard.PENNY: Sheldon! What did we say about being a nicer friend?LEONARD: Thank you.PENNY: Leonard! What did we say about being a gullible weenie?Leonard suggests they shake up the status quo by reinstating Anything Can Happen Thursdays. Penny wondered why they got rid of it, to which Leonard promptly replied that she made fun of it. Which she conceded but she was all-in this time. Trouble is, Sheldon still isn't all that good about thinking outside of the box. Instead of ordering pizza, he suggested calzones that they cut open and eat like pizza. That wasn't going to fly. Nor was going to Griffith Park to see a live theater group re-enact battle scenes from The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001). So he had to put away his Gandalf hat. They decide to just take a walk and see what kind of restaurant is out there. Although Sheldon wasn't much for Asian Fusion, given his work status. (SHELDON: Fusion AND Asians? I'm trying not to think about science.) However, they have a bigger problem than Sheldon worrying about Anything Can Happen Thursday turning into It Won't Stop Coming Up Friday. Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were in a cafe enjoying wine. The problem with this was Amy had told Sheldon she was sick and Bernadette had told both Penny and Howard she was working late. Needless to say, neither Penny nor Sheldon was happy about this. They go to confront Amy and Bernadette. Amy admitted she needed a night off from hearing Sheldon go on about what he wanted to do after String Theory, and Bernadette was tired of hearing Penny complain about the movie she was making.AMY: But that doesn't mean we don't love you.PENNY: (ticked off) I haven't been complaining that much about the movie. (turns to Leonard) Have I?LEONARD: (sheepish) I also love you.Penny storms out and takes Sheldon with her.PENNY: Come on, Sheldon. We're gonna have Anything Can Happen Thursday. You're going to tell me about your science stuff, and I'm going to complain about my movie, and we're going to support each other because that's what friends do!SHELDON: OK. 'Cause if I had to pick now, I'd probably go with dark matter...PENNY: Shut up!Raj (Kunal Nayyar) stops by Howard's (Simon Helberg) house to ask a favor. He wants to watch a DVD. Thankfully he had one in mind because otherwise the choice would be a DVD of Howard's mother's colonoscopy. Raj brought over House of 1000 Corpses (2003) because Emily wanted to watch it with him the following night, and Raj wanted to make sure he knew what he was getting into. Howard thought it was a good idea. After all, he could sit through his mother's colonoscopy now, but seeing that prune pit the first time really scared him.RAJ: Thank you. You're a good friend. I owe you one.HOWARD'S MOTHER: HOOOWARRRDDD! HELP ME GET OUT OF THE TUB!!!RAJ: Not that one.After Howard gets his mother out of the tub...and is one horror up on Raj at the moment...Raj looks at the DVD and can't believe people would watch a movie that was full of murders, satanic rituals, and cannibalism. Freaking out over a human hair being on the DVD didn't really man Raj up very well. They watch it, and it freaks Raj out. He couldn't believe Emily liked this.RAJ: Why can't I be in a relationship with a girl who likes The Sound of Music (1965)?HOWARD: Raj, you ARE the girl in the relationship who likes The Sound of Music (1965).The Asian Fusion place does not go over well with Sheldon. (SHELDON: I don't understand my food. It's Chineses noodles, Korean barbecue, and a taco. My mother would lock her car doors if she had to drive through this hodgepodge of ethnicity.) Penny asked Sheldon if she talked too much about the movie. He didn't think she did, but then he ignores most of what she says. He admitted being upset with Amy, but that still didn't help him. But perhaps the answer was in the fortune cookies they got at the end of the meal.SHELDON: Penny, there's only one cookie with something in the middle that solves life's problems, and that's an Oreo. Or a Nutter Butter if you're in a pinch.PENNY: (reads hers) People turn to you for guidance and wisdom. That's a good one.SHELDON: No it's not. Clearly that cookie is mocking you. You'd never get that kind of sass from a Nutter Butter.PENNY: Since you're paying for dinner, I'll let that slide. (hands him a cookie) Read.SHELDON: Your warm and fun-loving nature delights those around you.PENNY: (hands him the other cookie) Nope, try again.Leonard, left behind with Amy and Bernadette, tries to figure out how to make up for what happened. Bernadette didn't feel that guilty about taking a night off between Penny's gorilla movie and Howard's gorilla mother. But her solution for making things up with Howard probably wouldn't work for Amy: dressing up in a Catholic schoolgirl uniform. (LEONARD: He'd probably give you homework.) Bernadette would have to break it out tonight, since Penny ratted her out to Howard. But Leonard was thankful he had a relationship with Penny that was built on honest...which got a derisive snort from both ladies.LEONARD: What? I don't lie to her.BERNADETTE: Oh, we know you don't lie to her.Amy did admit she was a bit jealous of Penny for having a closer relationship with Sheldon than she did, but Leonard tried to reassure her it took a lot of time. (LEONARD: Penny grew up around horses, so she knows how to approach him without making him skittish.) Leonard told her it took him a long time for Sheldon to be comfortable with him, so she didn't need to worry so much about it.BERNADETTE: (coming back in) I have to go; Penny ratted me out to Howard. By the way, she's buying you a watch for your birthday with money she took from your wallet.On the way home, Penny and Sheldon pass by a psychic, and Penny invoked the Anything Can Happen Thursday clause to take Sheldon inside. Sheldon, of course, thinks all of it is baloney, and the psychic saying he had a romantic problem with a woman with dark hair didn't assuage this doubt, as most people had dark hair. (SHELDON: Even you at one time.) The psychic says Sheldon was having problems being close to this woman and he should give himself to the relationship. Once he committed to Amy, all his other pursuits will come into focus.SHELDON: (upset) You know what this is? And I reserve this word for only those instances when it's truly deserved? This is MALARKY!PENNY: (shocked) You really struck a nerve. I never heard him say the M word before.The next night, Raj confesses to Emily that he saw the movie already just to prepare himself and couldn't understand why anybody would like a movie like this. Emily admitted the movie kind of turned her on.RAJ: Annnnd, play.Amy trying out the Catholic schoolgirl uniform on Sheldon?SHELDON: Unless you have Gravity (2013) on Blu-Ray under that skirt, I don't know where you're going with this.
