It's time for Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun With Flags! It's his idea for a new video podcast where Amy (Mayim Bialik) and he talk about vexillology, which is the study of flags. (AMY: Cool! I think I just learned something!) And if this sounds like every public-access show on local cable you've ever seen, you're giving it far too much credit. That's why Amy is already waving the white flag. ("I'm surrendering...to fun!") But Leonard interrupts the shot on his way out the door for his date with Penny, so they have to start again. Only this time, Amy painted a face on her white flag.AMY: It's Ferdinand T. Flag. I thought it might bring in some younger viewers.SHELDON: Confound it! That's brilliant, let's take it from the top.Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) return from their date, and Penny thought it went very well. Leonard certainly missed her, although she thinks he missed having sex with her more.LEONARD: Well, sex with you is pretty great. Have you tried it?PENNY: I have...and you are not wrong.Penny likes the idea of taking things slowly, although faster than Leonard went with his high school girlfriend, who didn't even know she was dating him. Leonard comes up the idea of doing an Alpha Test, like they do in software programs where they try it out and report any bugs. Which Penny thought was a beta test, and Leonard started explaining the differences instead of giving her credit for being almost right and...there's the first bug! They agree, and she kisses him goodnight...on the cheek. (LEONARD: Attaboy, Hofstadter. Nothing gets the ladies hotter than software development analogies.) And he interrupts take 47 of Fun With Flags.Howard (Simon Helberg) enters Sheldon's and Raj's office...where Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has apparently made his peace with Raj's huge desk...and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) invites him to peel the plastic off of his new iPhone. (Cue the nerdgasm!) Howard wants to try out the voice-recognition assistant, Siri. But Raj tries first. He asks Siri if she's married, which she isn't. Chiding himself for asking the poor virtual assistant such a personal question, he asks Siri if she wants to get a cup of coffee. There are six coffee shops she found, three of which were close by. And Raj is off on a date.HOWARD: That woman is going to break his heart.Penny and Leonard's second date was much quieter, certainly on Penny's end. Hanging out with Amy and Sheldon to watch Dr. Who wasn't exactly what she'd call thrilling. Leonard so noted this in his bug report and handed her one. A rather extensive one. And color-coded, too. Red are fix right away, yellow are when she gets a chance, green are ones he can live with. Handing her the list would definitely be a bug. Although Amy is wondering what Leonard could have put on his list. Hair too golden? Laugh too melodic? The world not enough of a better place because of her presence? (Yeah, I see that slight obsession Amy has on Penny that some people complain about, can't deny it.)Raj and Siri are getting Sirious. (Lame, I know, but it's late and I have a headache. Deal with it.) Raj tells her she has a nice voice, and she thanks him. Then...RAJ: Why don't women like me?SIRI: Let me check on that. How about a Web search for "Why don't women like me"?RAJ: Nah, I've already done that.Raj asks Siri to call him Raj, and she agrees. Raj wishes Siri would call him sexy, and she agrees to call him sexy.SHELDON: Well done, Dr. Koothrappali! You've taken a great evolutionary leap by abandoning human interaction and allowing yourself to romantically bond with a soulless machine. Kudos.Kripke stops by to let the guys know about a retirement party for someone, which got moved up because they urinated in the Particle Physics lab. He thinks Siri is crap. He asked Siri to wecommend a westawant, but Siri didn't understand him. (KRIPKE: See? Total cwap! You suck, Siwi!)Sure enough, Leonard's bug list to Penny came back to bite him in the ass. She didn't want to go on their next date because she was reading and thus fix that item on the list. Leonard reminded her they agreed to do this so they wouldn't get mad at each other, and he had a full and fun date planned for her just like she requested. She agreed to go just as soon as she found shoes that didn't make Leonard feel he was on a date with his mommy. In the meantime, he could study her new list for him.Raj invited Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) over for dinner, courtesy of Siri's recommendations. He had to take a guess on the wine, as he didn't want to get into an argument with Siri in the middle of Trader Joe's. (BERNADETTE: Is this cute or creepy?) Well, when Raj had a quick debate over what face cover to put on the phone and gushed when Siri started playing Kenny G, cute pretty much left the building. (RAJ: This woman can read me like a book! I can't believe I bought my soulmate at Glendale Galleria.)Leonard definitely made up for earlier with the date they were on. Consulting Penny's father, and since he couldn't get a cow out there so she could tip it, the shooting range it was. Penny loves it and asks him if he needs a few lessons. But enough Grand Theft Auto, and Leonard knew how to handle a gat. She loves him getting all gangsta and kisses him hard. And he shoots himself in the foot.They make it home, and Leonard thinks he's more bad-ass now that he has been shot. Actually, his Reeboks were shot; he had a band-aid on his pinky toe. But despite all of that, Penny thanked him for the date and thinks things are looking pretty good with their beta test. She gives him a longer kiss goodnight this time, and Leonard interrupts the Bavarian version of Fun With Flags. (complete with pretzel costume and lederhosen)As for Raj, he decided to go to Siri's office. He met the sexy redhead, who wanted him to make love to her. He just had to say so. Um...yes, Raj was having a nightmare.
