How many of you have noticed the dartboard on Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) front door? They only played darts on it once...and broke a window. 90 degrees to the right of the dart board. Anyway, Sheldon was going to head to the arcade to cash in the skee-ball tickets from three years ago. Leonard found them in the box where he keeps all of his junk, like the ridiculously ugly itchy red sweater with "Lenny" sewn on it from his aunt. (She gave his brother a car.) Leonard also found a DVD he forgot to return and asked Sheldon not to get upset when he confessed he rented it on Sheldon's video store card. Sheldon didn't get upset. Even Penny (Kaley Cuoco) was creeped out by his lack of reaction. But it turns out it was getting to Sheldon, given how much he liked things to stay in order. It was an itch in his brain he couldn't scratch. Leonard suggested a coat hanger like he used when he broke his arm and the cast itch, but Sheldon was not amused. He thought Leonard should walk a mile in his shoes. Metaphorically, since Leonard had the feet of a toddler. Sheldon proposed Leonard wear the itchy red sweater with nothing underneath until he returned the DVD to the video store and paid the fine. Leonard agreed and went to pay the fine. That is, until Sheldon informed him the video store went out of business years ago.SHELDON: How are those nipples feeling, Chief?At the Cheesecake Factory, Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) waited for their drinks while Penny spotted Lucy (Kate Micucci), Raj's ex-girlfriend. Penny went to her and asked her why she broke up with Raj. Or more importantly, why Lucy broke up with him in an email. Lucy was hoping to get another waitress, but that wasn't going to work. She wanted answers because Lucy seemed to be acting OK while Raj was at home a blubbering mess.AMY: We're never getting are drinks, are we?BERNADETTE: Yeah but we knew that.Add Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Howard (Simon Helberg) to the list of people who think Leonard is an idiot for keeping the red sweater on. Leonard claims he was trying to prove a point. (HOWARD: Is the point that you're an idiot?) They want to know how he'll return the DVD. Leonard figures he'll go on Monday to look up the owner's name and address and send him the DVD and fine. The rest of the weekend will be spent scratching his back against the post because of the itchy sweater.Back at Penny's, as Bernadette and Amy feasted on what little food there was in the apartment because they never got their meals at the Cheesecake Factory, they told Penny she was wrong for telling Lucy Raj was depressed and lonely. Penny thought he would appreciate she had his back. Naturally, she was wrong and Raj went ballistic. (RAJ: Now she knows I'm a desperate mess instead of just being pretty sure!) But then Raj got a text from Lucy saying she wanted to meet with him.RAJ: (hugging Penny) I LOVE YOU, PENNY!!!!!!!Leonard's search for the owner of the video store was in vain. He had died. He figured he could take the sweater off since he had no other option...apart from getting some skin lotion for the insanely red rash all over his chest and back. But Howard thought he could find the owner's next-of-kin and give them the video and money back. Sheldon thought that would work, much to Leonard's anger. Oh, but it gets worse. The man had no next-of-kin; a fact Leonard discovered when he spent 8 hours at the man's funeral and was the only one to show up. That was it, the sweater was coming off. But it still got worse. It turns out Sheldon paid the fine for the movie...which was Super Mario Bros. (1993) if you didn't think Leonard had suffered enough...long ago and kept the DVD just to have as a "teachable moment" that he would bring out some day and use on Leonard. This was apparently that day. Leonard couldn't even speak, just throwing out the sweater, and applying some frozen vegetables to his nipples.AMY: Sheldon, that was diabolical.SHELDON: I know. And it wasn't easy. Have you any idea what it's like to wait for years and never know if you're going to get satisfaction?Raj finally met Lucy for coffee. Despite Howard's and Bernadette's worries about him playing it cool, he's able to talk to Lucy and see if she wanted to still be friends...or maybe more. But it turns out Lucy was already seeing someone else. Back to Raj again hating Penny, who tried to make it up to him by introducing him to someone she knew from work. And that worked...not so well. Raj couldn't believe she didn't have a boyfriend...accusing her of lying, in fact...and begged to be the "other guy" in her relationship.PENNY'S FRIEND: (to Penny) What is wrong with you?!?PENNY: (to Raj) What is wrong with you?!?RAJ: (to himself in the mirror) What is wrong with you?!?
