Howard (Simon Helberg) gets some bad news from Dave Roeger at NASA. The Soyuz rocket failed a pressurization test and thus Howard's mission has to be scrubbed. Needless to say, he's very disappointed.HOWARD: I'M NOT GONNA DIE IN SPACE!!!! I'm gonna die the way God intended: in my late 50's with a heart full of pastrami. (Crap, I just made a sandwich with pastrami.)Clearly, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) hasn't been to many tuxedo fittings in his life, given the longjohns he was wearing. But, like Joey on , he's not going to go commando in another man's fatigues. Meanwhile, Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) were actually relieved that Howard wouldn't be going into space in a rocket designed in the 60's by the people who couldn't catch Rocky and Bullwinkle.HOWARD: Let me explain the difference between you and me. You watch ; I live it. Make all the jokes you want, but only one of us was brave enough to almost do what I almost did.As Leonard and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) decide to start moving their relationship renewal a bit faster (and I'll never look at the Cookie Monster from  the same way again), Amy (Mayim Bialik) has decided she wants to accelerate her relationship with Sheldon. (SHELDON: Two years ago, I didn't even know you, and now I'm in your apartment after dark. How much faster can this go?) Amy has a few ideas, such as linking some of Sheldon's lifelong attachments to her. So for dinner, it's Strawberry Quik, spaghetti with little hot dogs in it, and Super Mario Bros. as the background music. (SHELDON: The greatest 600 hours of my childhood.) That certainly worked better for Amy than Leonard's idea of accelerating his relationship with Penny. In Leonard's defense, it was in the heat of the moment while they were having sex.PENNY: (freaking out) The heat of the moment is 'ooh, yeah, just like that', not 'will you marry me'!LEONARD: (flustered) OK, at some point we'll look back and this will be a funny story. Why don't we start doing that now?Yeah, that didn't go over very well.Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) go over their plans for the wedding, such as Howard's suggestion of their first dance being the final number from , where, somehow, she's  and he's . (Not a misprint, and boy I wish it was.) But their romantic moment was interrupted by NASA calling back to say the mission was back on. As they really want his telescope on the space station, they were to send him up in just over a week, only he was marrying Bernadette two days later. Howard, you might suspect, loves that he has the perfect excuse, but Bernadette decides to be a forgiving bride and offers to put off the ceremony. Of course, Bernadette's father put a lot of money down in deposits, and Howard is simply thinking of how upset he'd be, but Bernadette thinks her father won't say no to her. But Howard offers to talk to her father.It turns out, Sheldon had a more awkard time with Amy than Leonard did with Penny, if Sheldon's pitiful 3-D Chess moves are any indication. (And that book the guys got him last year only gave him nightmares.) Well, Sheldon has girl trouble. Amy's efforts to make Sheldon like her more involved arranging for Sheldon to be a junior conductor on Amtrak. (They even let him blow the whistle.) And now Sheldon is starting to think of Amy at inappropriate times. (No, not then, you pervs!)SHELDON: This morning, I was calculating the random motion of virutal particles in a vacuum when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy's dandruff gently cascading down on to her pale, slightly hunched shoulders. What has that vixen done to me and how do I stop it?Leonard thinks if Sheldon was in a physical relationship with Amy, he just had to propose to kill the mood. And Sheldon realized that's how relationship talked worked with Leonard and him.SHELDON: I complain and then you complain and no one offers any solutions? No wonder the women are winning.Howard goes to talk to Mr. Rostenkowski, who was looking at photos...of the last murder case he did before he retired. And Mr. Rostenkowski cracking some walnuts with his bare hands didn't help much. Howard explained his NASA mission was moved up and would conflict with the wedding and how dare Howard skip out on his committment to Bernadette. At least, that's how Howard wanted it to go. But Mr. Rostenkowski, despite hating Howard's Beatle haircut (FINALLY they make a joke about it!) and driving around on a Vespa and living with his mother ("I thought Bernadette chose you to punish me."), he was impressed with Howard going into space and really is the right guy for his daughter. He'll deal with all the money; he wants Howard to go up to that space station and make him proud. But Howard worries that he might not make it back.MR. ROSTENKOWSKI: It's gonna be OK, son. A pretty girl like Bernadette, she'll find a new guy.As for Leonard, Penny never did give him an answer. But she did give him a kiss, told him she wouldn't marry him, but they were still dating. As for Sheldon, Amy decides she wanted to play Doctor. Star Trek-style.SHELDON: I'm in hell, Leonard. (to Amy) Don't stop.
