Could a chicken and a dinosaur be genetically combined? Sheldon (Jim Parsons) wouldn't mind it...if only for the chicken salad dinosaur sandwich. At the cafeteria, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thanks the guys for inviting Emily to dinner, mostly because now he could prove he has a girlfriend. Sheldon took the opportunity to say that social science research has suggested when a man finds a romantic relationship, he loses an average of 2 friends as a result. Raj doesn't think that will happen, and Sheldon agrees...mainly because he thinks Raj is crazy about him. Howard (Simon Helberg), however, is confused about two things. 1) Sheldon has held Amy's hand and kissed her, yet he didn't lose any friends. (LEONARD: I've seen them do it. It's not romantic.) And 2) since when does Sheldon read the social sciences?SHELDON: I use the bathroom just like everyone else.As everyone gathers for dinner, Amy (Mayim Bialik) asks...or makes the mistake of asking...how things were going with Howard's mother and Stuart. Howard would rather not talk about it...other than the fact he never even had cable TV as a kid and Stuart gets to enjoy 7 HBO channels with Debbie. (BERNADETTE: 37) Sheldon is fascinated when he finds out Emily is a dermatologist. He had some suspicious freckles on his butt and wondered if he could make an appointment.AMY: Three years with me and nothing. Two minutes with Emily and he's already taking his pants off.Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wasn't nearly as thrilled to meet with Emily. Somehow, she got the feeling Emily didn't like her very much. Both Amy and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were surprised that nobody had ever told Penny they didn't like her to her face. Penny admitted she thought her P.E. teacher in high school didn't like her much. Turns out, she liked Penny TOO much. But hey, one Melissa Etheridge concert and she aced P.E. But Emily did agree to help Penny practice her sales pitch for the new job, so Bernadette thought it couldn't be that bad.AMY: You really went your entire life without anybody saying "I hate you" to your face?PENNY: Yeah.AMY: I'd say it now, but look at those cheekbones.At Capitol Comics, the guys were reminiscing about Stuart's (Kevin Sussman) comic book store. With the loud music and exposed brick walls, Sheldon thought it felt like a rave at the third little pig's house. And Howard agreed. Which Leonard (Johnny Galecki) called BS on.LEONARD: Him I believe because he's an 80-year-old man in a 15-year-old's t-shirt, but you're just upset about Stuart and your mom and all their HBOs.Howard couldn't deny it; the two of them even ruined Game of Thrones (2011) for him. And Raj didn't help matters by saying the insurance payout wouldn't be enough for Stuart to reopen the store. Well, Howard only had two choices. Put up with his mother buying Stuart four-ply toilet paper or give Stuart the money to re-open the store. Suddenly that wasn't a bad idea. Even Sheldon was on-board, saying they could re-open Stuart's store, spread the word that Capitol Comics gave you genital warts, and buy a big bag to hold all the money that would roll in. And Leonard didn't even roll his eyes at that.But how to make it successful? They thought they needed to get the younger crowd into the store. Howard certainly wished there was a way he could get a rid to the comic book store back when he was a kid. And Raj had it! Get a van and drive by schools and parks to pick up the kids! Howard and Sheldon thought it was an awesome idea!LEONARD: (not believing this) So, your idea is to get a van and cruise the streets looking for kids to pick up? And are you going to use candy to lure them in?RAJ: We are NOW!!At Emily's office, Penny was all set to go with her presentation, even bringing coffee, a latte, and chai tea for Emily, figuring if she was dating Raj she might like tea now. She gives the pitch for the company's birth control medication, which was more effective with fewer side effects than the competitor. Other than acne, which Penny figured only helped in birth control. And it turns out she was right about the vibe of Emily not liking her. Emily wasn't happy that Penny and Raj had hooked up. Penny was shocked Raj talked about that, but he was having a conversation about past lovers with Emily, and leaving Penny off the list would force him to "play fast and loose with the word list."Penny was quite upset, but she did have to admit Emily wasn't the first girl to hate her. (and she liked that) Bernadette said she could turn it around, but Penny figured you can't force someone to like you.AMY: What if you just hang around and act like her friend until you just wear her down? Next thing you know you're in her apartment eating her food and drinking her wine.PENNY: That won't work.AMY: You're right. (raises wine glass) Cheers!Bernadette told her to put her sales training to use. But instead of selling a drug, she'd be selling Penny.PENNY: It's stupid.BERNADETTE: (not happy) Well, maybe people would like you more if you didn't crap all over their ideas.AMY: I'm gonna go with Penny on this one. Then again, why wouldn't I? I mean, we go way back...PENNY: Oh, my God. I didn't used to like you...AMY: (strokes Penny's cheek) Shhhh, Amy's here now. Shhh.At Capitol Comics, Sheldon was getting more excited about owning a comic book store so he could interact with the customers. And by interact, we mean telling them to buy it or get out. Leonard, in full overanalyzation mode, wondered if Penny had left anyone off her list when they had talked about past lovers. Sheldon thinks she had to, otherwise she'd still be going through the list.LEONARD: (pissed) Will you stay out of this!SHELDON: Huh, if only Penny had said that once in a while.Howard figured complete honesty may not be the best policy in a serious relationship, but Sheldon pointed out he would run it by a wife or fiance if they were about to spend a lot of money. But he did have to agree on the complete honesty thing, given Amy wasn't happy he once described her hair looking like a duck that had been through an oil spill. (SHELDON: I was also right about her hair. It did everything but quack.) Leonard starts the conversation with Penny, explaining they were engaged and it was a big financial deal. And Penny wondered if he would feel mountains of credit card debt was a big financial deal. Meanwhile, Howard discussed (NOPE!) the investment opportunity (NOPE!) with Bernadette (NOPE!). Finally, she hears him out and she thinks it's a risky investment with them saving up for a house. But Howard said there was a more important reason.HOWARD: Before me dad left me and my mom, he used to take me to the comic book store. It was one of the few things we did together. I don't like to talk about it.BERNADETTE: Oh, baby. (Takes his hand) That story's made up, isn't it.HOWARD: (shrugs) That's how much buying a comic book store means to me.Sheldon, despite not having a wife or fiance, still runs the idea by Amy, insisting she keep an open mind, because anything short of her complete enthusiastic agreement will throw their entire relationship into question.AMY: (treading carefully) Can you see how a grown man, an accomplished scientist, invests in a store that sells picture books about flying men in colorful underwear might be wasting both his financial and intellectual resources?SHELDON: No.AMY: Then I think it's a terrific idea.SHELDON: (still clueless) Great! Wait 'til you hear about our van!Emily and Raj come over to Penny's apartment. Emily apologized for being rude to her at her office, and Raj loved the fact that the two of them could get along.RAJ: (to Penny) And by love, I mean as a friend. (to Emily) And way too soon, I know.Raj admitted making a bigger deal about it than he should have and Penny pointed out it happened years ago and she was engaged to Leonard. Emily admitted she wanted to put it behind her but then she saw how pretty Penny was. Penny was touched and thought Emily was gorgeous.RAJ: It's true, you're both gorgeous. Kind of says something about the man who could bed you both. (Yeah, that went over well.) You get why I've been alone most of my adult life?But all is well, and they even agree to go out to dinner some night. Emily left and Penny closed the door.PENNY/EMILY: I hate her.Howard and Bernadette went over to visit Stuart, although he wished they had called first. Bernadette wanted to talk about investing in the comic book store, but Stuart was already getting the money from Debbie.STUART: I told her it was too much, but she said she was happy to help out her bubula.HOWARD: (storms up the stairs) Mom, you are cancelling that check and Stuart is not your bubula. I'm your bubula. You can't have more than one bubula!STUART: I don't know who he's talking to. She's at Target buying me shirts.So the guys miss out on getting their own comic book store. What a shame they didn't have a place to call their own with comfortable seats where they could read comic books all day long.
