One of the perks of Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) new job: very sharp suits. Which, thankfully for her, feature blouses open enough to show off ample cleavage while trying to convince doctors to buy pharmaceuticals. Speaking of new jobs, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) was curious how Sheldon (Jim Parsons) was doing in his new field of dark matter. He thought it was the most exciting time for that field...because he was now in it. But he wasn't entirely wrong, as the government was giving out a number of grants to study dark matter, except these involved long hours doing observations in salt mines. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thought they could team up and make important contributions to both physics and astrophysics.PENNY: You guys are going to work in a mine? You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash!SHELDON: Perhaps the emotion you were referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.Penny and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) had a romantic dinner together, only Penny couldn't get her mind off of work. Mostly because Leonard wouldn't stop telling a story about how the videogame Shadow of the Colossus had finally come out on the PS3 but it just wasn't as good as the PS2 version. (seriously, can you blame her on that one?) But she did have a present for him. She handed him an envelope full of money. Since she received a company car, she sold the one Leonard bought her last year and wanted to give the money back to him. Leonard was taken aback, saying that car was a gift. Penny figured he was one of those boyfriends who would rather have a picture of them in front of the car in a pink frame labeled "best fiancé ever"...and she got him that, too. He was less taken aback now, but he still wanted her to keep the money. But she insisted he keep the money because she could afford to pay for dinner and her clothes and everything else. Both of them agreed they didn't want this to turn into a fight, so Penny happily put the envelope in front of Leonard.At the university, Raj cleared up some of Sheldon's multitasking from solving the Penrose conjecture, and writing his Nobel Prize acceptance speech for solving the Penrose conjecture by letting him know how mermaids have babies. Raj was worried the underground conditions might be too rough for them, but Sheldon wasn't concerned. Constantly 100 degrees and humid? Sheldon was from Texas and Raj was from India, thus neither were strangers to the 'fragrant armpit'. A live mine where they might hear explosions? Sheldon had a lactose-intolerant roommate who liked ice cream. Work going 12 hours at a time? You have to be somewhere. No toilets, so you have to go in a bucket? And Sheldon was out. Raj thought they could do like Howard did when he prepared for space: go through simulations. Sheldon thought that was a good idea, so he went to Google "hot, dark, and moist" to see what came up. (SHELDON: Hey, there's all sorts of videos!)Leonard came up with a solution for the money: they could put it in a joint checking account. Penny thought that was a fabulous idea. Leonard wanted to be supportive becuase this was Penny's first time at being financially independent, and Penny understood that this job changed their relationship and she was being sensitive to it. Annnnnnnd, we're back to awkward again. Penny thinks he's scared because she's less reliant on him now, and Leonard thought Penny didn't want the money because of her control issues.PENNY: (getting mad) Or maybe now that I'm no longer an out-of-work actress who can't pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.LEONARD: (upset) I can't believe you'd say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.They apologize to each other, agreeing they shouldn't fight over money, and they hug.PENNY: Get that envelope out of my pocket or I'll break your fingers.Raj thought they could do like Howard did when he prepared for space: go through simulations. The university had a series of steam tunnels beneath it where they could practice. Amy (Mayim Bialik) joined them, being very familiar with steam tunnels, as she had to pledge a sorority by going in one...and being left there for three days. Thankfully the steam tunnels were a better option than the steam room, where they wouldn't see any of their co-workers naked. (RAJ: I love Howard, but the dude needs a little shame.) Sheldon gave Amy a walkie-talkie to use. And the instructions were clear: rescue him first and come back for Raj only if there's time. They make it down there, and it was 102 degrees. Raj said that was as hot as the mines would be, and Sheldon noted in his log that Raj's stating of the obvious was already getting on his nerves.Leonard and Penny decided to consult a couple of experts on how to settle things in a marriage: Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette. (Yeah, how could that possibly go wrong?) After Howard quickly dismissed the concept of the two couples swinging (for those who miss pervy Howard), Bernadette starting things off by saying she made way more money than Howard was probably not the wisest choice, because right into the argument they went. Howard claimed he brought a lot of significant assets into the relationship. (BERNADETTE: Like what? Your incomplete set of Star Trek collectors' plates?) But Howard did find the last one on eBay, which he claimed cost less than falconry school. (HOWARD: For the tenth time, that was a Groupon!)Sheldon wasn't doing so well. He was getting a bit claustrophobic, but he thought a mining song would help. Apparently, the only mining song he knew made Gordon Lightfoot's Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald a Disney tune.RAJ: (giving Sheldon a weird look) OK, how 'bout a little Miley Cyrus next.SHELDON: Who's he?Meanwhile, Howard claiming Bernadette cost them a big late fee for paying a credit card late didn't sit well, nor did defending himself with his chore chart (no, Leonard and Penny couldn't believe he had one of those), which was pitifully lacking in stars, except for the pity star Bernadette put on it.BERNADETTE: Well, don't come crying to me when you don't get your allowance.HOWARD: (emotional) It's not an allowance; it's a stipend! And we said we weren't going to call it an allowance in front of my friends! (storms off)LEONARD: (very awkward) Usually I don't like lemon bars but these are really good.The mining song didn't help much for Sheldon but learning about Hannah Montana (2006) was a bit helpful. So much so, he wanted Amy to go get season 1 of the show...although Raj recommended season 2 because that's when the show found itself...along with some Funyuns, York Peppermint Patties and some Dr. Peppers, a portable DVD player, since he can't understand how Hannah can take off her wig, attend school, and nobody recognized her. (RAJ: Oh, but you're OK with superman concealing his identity just by putting on a pair of glasses?)Bernadette apologized to Leonard and Penny for the fight she had with Howard. She knew Howard was thrilled for her career success but it was still eating at him she made more money and there's so much pressure on guys to be the providers. Penny was worried the same thing might happen with Leonard and her if she got sales bonuses for being really successful.LEONARD: Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially...and in every other aspect of his life...so, really it's what I think love looks like.Bernadette went to check on Howard and Penny thought talking to them was a good lesson in what not to do. They agreed to have it figured out before they got married, and just in case they couldn't...HOWARD: (from the bedroom) I'm not being a baby; I'm a grown man! I made the bed, now give me my star!!LEONARD: Should we go?PENNY: Hang on. I want to see if he gets the star.Sheldon was definitely not liking the closed-in space of the heat tunnels, and Raj didn't realize fanning himself would only make him hotter. Sheldon was freaking out over more than just the claustrophobia. He spent his entire life working on String Theory but he didn't know any better because he was a child prodigy. But now he was in his 30s and effectively starting his career over again. Raj tried to tell him that he was scared when he came to America for the first time and didn't know what to expect...but he realized Voyager (the satellite, not the TV show) went well beyond its original mission of studying Jupiter's and Saturn's moons and is still out there. But Sheldon didn't pay attention to it because of the two giant rats over Raj's shoulder.SHELDON: (running up the ladder) It's too late for Koothrappali. Let's go!!AMY: (watching Sheldon come up the ladder) 11 minutes. That's longer than I thought.RAJ: (from below) THEY'RE IN MY SHIRT! THEY'RE IN MY SHIRT!Leonard and Penny found a solution for the money; they did a little Indecent Proposal (1993) by spreading it on the bed and having sex on it. Bernadette apologized to Howard and agreed to work to make their marriage a partnership. And Howard promised to be more adult about things...except for his birthday party. (HOWARD: Laser tag!) As for Sheldon, he had Amy transcribe his notes, including when Raj comes in and berates him for leaving him down in the steam tunnels to be eaten by rats.RAJ: You call yourself a friend!?! I was trying to help you and at the first sign of trouble, you ran away leaving me to fend off a family of rats!!! You are a completely selfish human being and a physical and a moral coward!!!SHELDON: (for Amy to transcribe) His statements of the obvious continue to annoy.
