Say it isn't so! Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) were filming the final Fun With Flags! Sheldon couldn't help it. He couldn't juggle a new job, an online show, and a girlfriend (AMY: And he really has one, you jerks on the comment board!), so he was waving the white flag after 232 episodes (233 if you count the one Amy forgot to press record on)...and making an episode about white flags (his second one, apparently). Still, this was much better than what Leonard (Johnny Galecki), Howard (Simon Helberg), and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) had to do. Professor Roger Abbott passed away and they had to clean out his office. Of course, saying the professor's name fast makes you wonder if someone framed him first before he died. (think about it) But Leonard was a bit upset that of all the paperwork they uncovered, Professor Abbott never had any major accomplishments. Although Raj certainly didn't mind the pen where the lady lost her bathing suit when you turned it upside-down. Leonard couldn't contemplate someone coming in and throwing out all of his work. Actually, he could: Sheldon did that the prior day. Believe it or not, that could actually be topped in terms of depressing. They found a bottle of champagne given to Professor Abbott from his mother, who wanted him to open it the day of his first great discovery. The bottle remained sealed 50 years later.Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) headed to a celebration at their workplace. Her boss, Dan (Stephen Root), didn't want to hire her at first, but now that she was a rookie salesperson with the 3rd best salesmark, now Dan was a hugging machine. To Penny, anyway. Apparently, Dan doesn't like "cute, sweet vicious" Bernadette much. That's understandable, given she yelled at Dan and his grandson for losing the three-legged race at the company picnic. His grandson now refers to her as "the mean kid with the big boobies." Penny tried to defend her, but Dan decided to take off instead.Sheldon and Amy went through a series of "best of" clips for Fun With Flags, complete with Amy in a kangaroo costume celebrating Australia, Sheldon dressed as Betsy Ross, Amy finding out a purple flag used to mean don't go in the water (where she snuck a peek at Sheldon's legs), Kripke successfully playing the game of Flag/Not a Flag, and even LeVar Burton letting Sheldon know if his Black History Month episode where he dressed up as George Washington Carver was racist.LeVAR: (watching video) Oh, hell no.SHELDON: (not quite getting it) You heard him, Leonard. No, it's not racist!Oh, and Amy was expected to apologize 4,000 times, once for each of the dominoes Sheldon set up for that American flag on the 4th of July episode she didn't record.Leonard found a book with a series of grouped numbers. The guys thought running it through the university's supercomputer might help, but Raj figured a visit to the man who shared an office with Abbott might know something. And he did. The book was Abbott's food diary. He thought that caloric restriction was the key to a long life.RAJ: Does it work?Howard figured not everybody could shoot for the stars but they could still take joy in the little things in life. (That was for Leonard; he went into space, after all.) Leonard thought they should keep the champagne bottle, and if one of them made a great accomplishment, they'd open the bottle and drink a toast to Professor Abbott...and rub their success in Sheldon's face.Bernadette was not making herself look better in front of Dan, given she called his grandson a crybaby because he was such a wuss. Penny thought perhaps it was because he was being picked on by a "mean kid," but Bernadette thought that would build character. (BERNADETTE: My father always said no one likes a crybaby except Mommies and Democrats.) Dan went to get another drink, and Penny begged Bernadette to tone it down. Bernadette denied she was a bully, calling herself the sweetest person she knows. Who told Penny the pants she bought looked like a saggy diaper. Bernadette thought she should leave, but Penny insisted they fix Bernadette's problem.It was time to end the final episode, and if Sheldon could, he'd run every one of his viewers up a flagpole and salute them. And burn them if they touched the ground. He thanked Amy for her work, and he admitted hosting the show was a crazy ride but wouldn't give it up for the world. But he was getting too emotional and cried into his white flag.AMY: (touched) Sheldon, that was beautiful.SHELDON: If you didn't press record...AMY: I PRESSED IT!!!!Bernadette went to find Dan and apologized about what she said to his grandson. She promised to be better so people wouldn't walk on eggshells around her. Dan was relieved, because the company wasn't going to pay for their coffee anymore. Actually, they stopped five months ago, but the employees had been paying for hers through a swear jar (for when Bernadette swore). Oh, and her private bathroom was meant for everyone on her floor, but since Wheelchair Kathy was back in the hospital, it was technically her private bathroom again. Bernadette was devastated and started crying. Which neither Penny nor Dan could stop, so they promised to get her an espresso maker for her office. Which she thanked them for. But she was still crying.BERNADETTE: (sobbing) Now where are we on my bathroom?Sheldon was still up late when Leonard arrived home. There wasn't a single comment about his final show. Leonard understood what that was like, given where he just was, but then a positive comment came up, and Sheldon was ecstatic. He couldn't cancel Fun With Flags! The people needed it. And the show was back on. And Sheldon celebrated by popping the cork on Abbott's champagne bottle, which freaked Leonard out. Particularly when Sheldon said he wasn't going to drink it; he just liked the sound of the cork popping.Oh, despite LeVar specifically telling him to lose his contact information, Sheldon went to his house to announce Fun With Flags was back. (LeVAR: Wil Wheaton said get a gate. I don't know why I didn't get a gate.) But since LeVar was born in Germany, Sheldon thought it would be a great episode if he came on to discuss German flags.SHELDON: How do you feel about dressing up as a swastika?
