The guys are returning from a garage sale with a heavy box of stuff they got for $60. Of course, Leonard has to carry it upstairs, as he is the "muscle" of the group. (Ironic, given that Johnny Galecki works out quite a bit. Seriously. See an episode of "My Boys" in which he appears. I'm not joking.) They got some great stuff, like an original script from "Ghostbusters" with actual slime on it. (oops, sorry, it was Ghostbusters II). Not to mention, an actual "Alf" doll, which brought back such memories for Howard, since his mother got him one when he was eleven and he wished that Alf would bring his dad back from Melmac.PENNY: That's so sad.SHELDON: No, what's sad is that you don't know that Adam West was TV's "Batman."Other items include Mr. T's head on a Mr. Spock doll ("I pity the fool who's illogical!"), an Indiana Jones connect the dots, an Aqua-Man action figure (with a penis drawn on him, which Raj rubs right off), and a "Lord of the Rings" ring. Howard checks with "a guy" who says the ring is the real deal. Of the 9 rings that were made by the production company, 3 were given to cast members, 5 were destroyed, and the 9th was just claimed by Sheldon under the Maritime Salvage Laws. ("Other than the water, how is this not salvage?") As Sheldon starts going Gollum on the ring, Howard tells that the ring is worth $15,000 on the black market, and Leonard insists on returning it to Peter Jackson.RAJ: Look, we all want to do different things with the ring. But your ideas are stupid. I want a jet ski!Finally, a compromise: Penny will hold on to the ring until something can be decided.PENNY: OK just to be clear, the first piece of jewelry my boyfriend gives me is a prop from a movie and I don't even get to keep it?HOWARD: If you had gone out with me three years ago you'd have my great-aunt Ida's brooch that she smuggled out of occupied Belgium in a cat.LEONARD: How am I lookin' now?However, the ring's powers have overtaken Sheldon. He tries to steal it off of the sleeping Penny's neck. Of course, since this is a sitcom, she rolls over twice, in spite of Sheldon's decent imitation of a hornet. He then uses a grasping arm like you see in the informercials to get it. She is startled and slugs him.SHELDON: YOU HIT ME! I'M BLEEDING!LEONARD: What was that?PENNY: Sheldon tried to take the ring, and I punched him.LEONARD: That's my girl.After a failed attempt by Raj's lawyer/cousin to get him a jet ski, they fight over the ring and come up with a solution: everybody holds on to the ring and it stays that way until only one person is holding it. They want to start right in the cafeteria...if it only wasn't for the bug movie marathon on the SyFy Channel (how nerdy am I to remember the new spelling of SyFy?). Then again, I didn't drive home with my hand on the ring, nor walk up the flights of stairs with it.SHELDON: I have you know I once spent 2 1/2 hour on the Hewlett-Packard Support Line just to complain about the Hewlett-Packard support line.LEONARD: Talk about patience, Penny made me watch all five seasons of Sex and the City.(and just when I said there were six seasons of Sex and the City...seriously, I did)RAJ: There were six seasons of Sex and the City, dude.LEONARD: Awww, CRAP!Penny actually thinks what they're doing is sweet. Of course, she's also holding a bag from Victoria's Secret. So, it's $15,000 or Penny in lingerie.LEONARD: I'm out! (can't lie, that was a good choice)Howard has to explain to his mother, and Raj is only too happy to ring-block him on the phone. ("I am so glad we came to this Gentile strip club! Howard, here's more bacon to tuck into the shiksa's g-string!!") Howard is ready for payback, but Sheldon's egging them turns both against him and his mother...actually, his grandmother. ("I call No Meemaws!") But no good.RAJ: The only way your mother was born is that your Meemaw had sex!HOWARD: I bet she had sex because she LIKED it.RAJ: Yeah, Meemaw did the nasty!!!Sheldon counters by putting the idea of water in their heads to make them want to use the bathroom. It works great...for Sheldon. But all of them have to, so they all decide to go on three. (stand up and go, you sick bums!)Many hours later, sleep takes them out...and Sheldon is holding the ring. But Howard and Raj are holding something as well...each other. His first order of business is to clean it, so he can make it his own, his precious. (AAAAGH!)During the night, Leonard became the voice of reason and sent the ring back to Peter Jackson, rather than let the ring destroy their friendship. Or so we thought!LEONARD: (pulling the ring out from a box underneath his bed) Hello, my precious!However, Sheldon isn't done. His grappling arm discovers the ring around Leonard's neck, and they fight.PENNY: I gotta go back to dating dumb guys from the gym.
