Howard (Simon Helberg) is returning to Earth, and everybody is excited about it. (SHELDON: He left a boy and he returns a boy-sized hero.) Of course, that means they no longer need Fake Wolowitz, aka Stuart (Kevin Sussman). Sheldon (Jim Parsons) promises to remember him nostagically, like the dial-up modem, the VHS tape, and Leonard's gym membership. However, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) still plans to hang out with Stuart, and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) doesn't mind him hanging around, especially for the 20% discount they get at the comic book store. Sheldon is appalled; he won't sell his friendship so cheaply. But at 30%, he's your BFF. Oh, and since there is no Jewish prayer for falling out of space, Howard had to settle for the prayer used for eating bread. Hopefully it's a long prayer. Even after the parachutes deployed successfully, he still had six miles of falling (and screaming) to go.At LAX, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) waited for her husband, who got a very warm reception, lots of paparazzi, and tons of people screaming "Howie!" Oh, he didn't see  next to him. (HOWIE MANDEL: I think they're here for me, Ringo.) Howard's a little disappointed that the guys didn't show up, but Bernadette wanted him all to herself tonight. Herself and the bad cold she caught.Sheldon's a bit disappointed he won't see Howard tonight, "because in all the years I've known him, he's never had the opportunity to receive my admiration." But they would make do with a couple's night. And the game is Pictionary. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) suggest boys vs. girls. Despite Sheldon claiming any team who didn't have him would be at a significant disadvantage, Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Penny get the first one. In Sheldon's defense, Leonard yelling Batman, Batman & Robin, the Twins & the Monkey, the Wonder Twins with Batman didn't help a bit. However, drawing a picture of the four of them playing Pictionary doesn't work as well for the word "present" as a box with a bow on it.PENNY: Oh, my God. We're going to kill them.And she's right. What looks like an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe to Sheldon is a chocolate chip cookie to everyone else. (SHELDON: If you want to draw a chocolate chip cookie, you put a glass of milk next to it!) Then Penny had plenty of time to point to a colored fingernail for Amy to get "polish," which Sheldon protests because he thought the word was "Polish." Sheldon didn't see the small P.Still, they were having a much better time than Howard because Bernadette now sounded like Rush Limbaugh attempting to run a city block. She says it's allergies and she took a Benadryl. But she had every intention of having their honeymoon, although Howard would have to be on top because the Benadryl was making her dizzy. And yes, she falls asleep.HOWARD: Well that was quick and a little gross. Now I know how she feels.Meanwhile, back at Couple's Night...PENNY: Sheldon, you're always full of fun little facts. Where does the expression "got your ass handed to you" come from?Sheldon refused to believe he got his ass handed to him to appease the god Losersaurus, so Penny tells him to pick another game. "Physics Fiesta" gets rejected, although Leonard did pretty well with the first physics question Sheldon gave him in Spanish. Penny suggest darts, but Sheldon says she has an advantage, having frequented bars since she was legal age. (LEONARD: Yeah, that's when it started.) Amy's suggestion of Operation didn't fly well...mainly because she suggested using the cadavers at the UCLA Medical School. (AMY: The nose doesn't light up, but if the cadaver is fresh, you can sometimes get the leg to jerk.)With Bernadette all knocked out, Howard went home to talk to his mother, who tells him to wait until she's decent. (HOWARD: Woman hasn't tied her robe in 20 years and suddenly she's not decent?) Suddenly a man's voice screams out about losing a sock. Turns out it wasn't what his mother was doing, it's WHO his mother was doing. Dr. Schneider decided to make a house call. Except Dr. Schneider's a dentist.Next game in the competition is Where's Waldo. Between Leonard and Amy...without glasses. Same results.SHELDON: (mad as hell) How could you not find him!?!?LEONARD: (equally ticked) Because he's hard to find! If he was easy to find, the books would be called THERE'S Waldo!Now time for Sheldon and Penny to try long division...after spinning around on a bat for one minute. And apparently, Penny has more experience being dizzy than Sheldon, as she easily won. Next is wrestling, and Penny pinned Sheldon in about two seconds. And kissed his nose...and forehead...and everywhere else on him just to tick him off. Sheldon asked Amy to stop her...and she got in on the kissing, too.Howard went to visit Raj because Bernadette was a bit under the weather and his mother was a bit under his dentist. (HOWARD: Former dentist; I need a new one now that I know where his hands have been.) Howard doesn't want to overplay being in space, but he doesn't have to. It turns out Stuart is living with Raj now and they've become best buds.RAJ: It's like we both have these holes in our lives, but now we fill each other's holes.Raj invited Howard to join Stuart and him at a  sing-along, but Howard didn't feel like being a third wheel on their date. (HOWARD: At least my mother made HER boyfriend go out the window.)Final contest? Pie-eating. Standard State Fair rules apply. Despite Sheldon's fear of running out of oxidants from all the anti-oxidants in the blueberry pies, the game was on! And then Howard shows up.HOWARD: Hey, guys! How's it going?ALL: (full of blueberry pie) NOT NOW!!!If there was some consolation for Howard, the waitress at the coffee shop recognized him as an astronaut and gave him a free piece of cheesecake. Howard wanted to unload his sob story, but the waitress had her limits.HOWARD: (breaking down) And I think it's going to be a long, long time 'til touchdown brings me 'round again to find I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh, no, no, no. I'm a rocket man....(SNEEZE!)
