Dinner at the apartment is a nice thing. It would be even nicer, according to Amy (Mayim Bialik), if they actually conversed. But Leonard (Johnny Galecki), Sheldon (Jim Parsons), Howard (Simon Helberg), and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) would rather text on their phones. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) has great news. She got a role on NCI...I...NC-STD...the one with all the letters. She gets to be in a diner scene and flirt with Mark Harmon. (RAJ: He's a dreamboat.) Although needy Leonard thinks it's better when things are left to the imagination.AMY: (to Sheldon) He's wrong.At the Cheesecake Factory, Raj wonders why he can't get women when he has a dog and men with dogs are three times more likely to get dates. Letting Cinnamon lick peanut butter off of his tongue might be why, but at least that's sure to get him a date with Howard's mother. Which Sheldon doesn't find funny. Although he thought his joke about Howard's mother is so fat, she decided to go on a diet or exercise...or both...was. (The whole scene was painfully awkward and me explaining it isn't going to help.) Suffice it to say, Sheldon needs to explore how to be funny.SHELDON: Leonard, do you think I'm funny.LEONARD: Noooo. Do you?SHELDON: I think I'm hysterical.LEONARD: I take it back; that WAS funny.Sheldon decides to develop a unified theory of comedy, thinking he can get anybody to laugh at any time...except for Germans, since that's a tough crowd.LEONARD: Are you set on people laughing with you? Because if you're cool with "at" you...)SHELDON: (long pause) I don't get it.The dog theory actually worked, given an attractive girl introduced herself to Raj while he was walking Cinnamon, until he asked her if it was easier if they just sniffed each other's butts. Howard suggests if he was too intimidated talking to attractive women, he should try with a regular woman. (RAJ: You mean like fatties and uggos?) Howard suggested he practice talking to anyone at the mall so cute girls wouldn't be as intimidating.Everyone gathered for Penny's night on NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service (2003), and Leonard was so proud of her. (LEONARD: You're going to be a TV star and you haven't left me yet. That takes a lot of guts!) Unfortunately, he spoke a bit too soon. Penny's diner scene with Mark Harmon was cut. She couldn't understand why, she thought she had done a really good job. She walks out of the apartment.SHELDON: I've been studying comedy, and they say comedy equals tragedy plus time. (checks watch) Let's go tickle some ribs.Apparently, it was worse than just getting the scene cut. Penny's father wanted to come out and kick Mark Harmon's ass, all of her relatives gathered to watch it with a six-foot sandwich, and they ever got her brother a day pass from rehab. (PENNY: And now he's missing, the sandwich is missing, they think he went to Mexico.) Leonard tries to comfort her, saying she did get the part, but Penny was hoping this was finally her big break and that she'd get more auditions and roles.LEONARD: You only had three lines; I don't think that was going to happen anyway.Oops.Penny took that exactly like you think she would: not well at all. She thought Leonard didn't believe in her. Leonard tried to backtrack, saying he didn't really mean that.PENNY: I want you right now to give me your honest 100% opinion. Do you think I really have what it takes to make it as an actress?LEONARD: YesPENNY: So you think I'll be on TV and in movies and win awards?LEONARD: Honestly?PENNY: Yes, honestly.LEONARD: Uh...I don't.Penny was livid. Leonard said she was talented and beautiful, but wasn't L.A. full of actresses who are talented and beautiful? (LEONARD: We'll come back to that.) He tried to say that no matter how much talent she had, being a success in Hollywood was still a million-to-one shot. And she went to her bedroom and locked the door.LEONARD: I should have let Sheldon come.Unfortunately, he was busy studying that the element of surprise can be quite humorous. Amy happened to agree since patients with lesions in their pre-frontal cortex...(SHELDON: BRAIN LESIONS!!!)...well, that actually scared Amy. (SHELDON: Maybe you have a stick up your pre-frontal cortex.) Amy thinks it's absurd that Sheldon could come up with a unified theory of comedy...although him dropping his pants and showing off his tighty-whiteys to Amy was a bit humorous.Stuart (Kevin Sussman) and Raj head to the mall to talk to regular girls. One tiny little problem with the experiment: all the women look pretty to them. And in the case of Stuart, even the 91-year-old grandmother with the cane. Several hours later, they were down to contemplating practicing on department store mannequins. (RAJ: Nah, they're dressed too stylish. They're probably stuck up.) But they wait for someone to pass by they can talk to. Yes, the mall closed and they were still there.STUART: You know, those two guys on the bench look kind of pathetic. Maybe we can talk to them.RAJ: That's a mirror.Meanwhile, Sheldon tries a few funny words on Amy, like kumquat (George Carlin liked that one) or ointment. Then Sheldon wanted to know if ointment was more funny, less funny, or equally funny to kumquat. (AMY: I don't think I want to go out with you anymore.) Given he plans to go through the entire dictionary to find which words are funniest, you can sort of see her point.Penny, you may have guessed, was not in a good mood, and seeing other actors on shows and commercials made her mad. Even the guys rocking out in a band with erectile dysfunction ticked her off. Leonard stopped by to apologize. He told her he thought she could make it and even got her an audition for the new Star Wars movie. Which she was excited about...until she realized it was an online PR stunt that anybody could do. But Leonard thought she had an advantage because she was an actual actress.LEONARD: Most of the people doing this are just weirdos and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.PENNY: (ticked off) Let it go.LEONARD: OK, maybe it is a longshot, but sometimes longshots pay off. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port only two meters wide. But with the help of the Force, he...wow, I can FEEL you hating me right now.Amy leaves Sheldon behind and goes to have dinner with Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). Her "enough" line came when Sheldon started a knock-knock joke with "knock-knock-knock-AMY, knock-knock-knock-AMY, knock-knock-knock-AMY..." Bernadette suggested Amy just fake a laugh and be done with it. Which of course got Howard concerned she had faked it with him. But he figured he would know the difference. (BERNADETTE: I don't think you would.) And if you think this was a good opportunity to play out the "I'll have what she's having" scene from When Harry Met Sally... (1989)...well, you would be correct.HOWARD: (meekly) Yeah? Well, I fake my orgasms.A drunk Penny goes to Leonard, who apparently can only afford 3 long-stemmed roses, and apologizes for calling his audition for the new Star Wars movie idiotic. (Well, she meant to do that earlier.) Leonard repeated that she would make it, but she was upset she blew what she thought was her one chance to make it and she had been out in L.A. for ten years with nothing to show for it. Leonard said at least she had him.PENNY: You're right. I do have you. (long pause) Let's get married.She wasn't kidding. She got down on one knee...very carefully...and asked Leonard to marry her.LEONARD: Umm....PENNY: Did you seriously just say "umm..."? What, you don't want to marry me?LEONARD: No, I love you, but you're drunk right now and...SHELDON: WHO'S IN THE MOOD TO LAUGH??Leonard told him it was a bad time, but Penny was already out the door.SHELDON: So a sandwich, a rabbi and yo momma walk into a bar...Later that night, Leonard was up late and Sheldon asked why he wasn't sleeping. Leonard told him about turning down Penny's marriage proposal.SHELDON: Does that mean the relationship is over?LEONARD: I don't know.SHELDON: Why don't you ask her?LEONARD: Because I'm...afraid to know the answer.SHELDON: Well, I'm sorry.LEONARD: That's it? Not going to make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?SHELDON: No. You're my friend, and I'm sorry. (pats him on the back)LEONARD: Did you just put a "kick me" sign on my back?SHELDON: No, that wouldn't be funny at all. (removes it)We do get to see Howard's audition tape. He senses Vader...on this moon...BERNADETTE: Why can't you replace the toilet paper when it's empty?HOWARD: I'm in the middle of something.BERNADETTE: So am I!
