At the comic book store, Leonard interrupts the banal ripostes between Howard and Sheldon regarding whether Wolverine had bone claws. The guys are surprised to see him, even though it was New Comic Book Night, since he is now sleeping with Penny. (Or "Bouncy Naked Yum-Yum Night," according to Raj.) Leonard doesn't think they have to have sex every night, but Howard insists it is highly recommended. Sheldon speculates that Leonard may be trying to cover for some sort of sexual dysfunction ("Leonard got a floppy disk!"), but it isn't that, either. He doesn't want to try and describe it, but he and Penny were both a little... ("Disappointed? Let down? Ashamed? Horrified? Repulsed?") None of those, apparently. Leonard just thinks it wasn't the way he dreamed it would be.HOWARD: Hell, sex is never the way I dreamed.RAJ: That's because in your dreams, you're a horse from the waist down.The gang is gathered for dinner from Mumbai Palace, which goes against Sheldon's tradition of Tandoori Palace. Howard and Raj start giving some shots across the bow about how Leonard's night went, and Penny is confused. Leonard is ready to brush it off, but Sheldon doesn't seem to get the conept of not revealing sexual details to the other party involved. He spills every last thing Leonard said at the comic book store. Penny is aghast, and Leonard is about to commit the even-bigger mistake of trying to apologize right away. Howard thinks it will be fun if Sheldon tries to figure out on his own where he just committed an unforgivable sin. (Uhh, we'll come back to that.)Penny is embarrassed about the guys knowing how things went with Leonard, but she had to admit that things were merely "OK" in her book as well. She realizes it takes time for some couples to really know what their partner wants, although she hasn't had that problem herself. Leonard could really uses a glass of wine right now.Much, much later, Sheldon figures out that he shouldn't have discussed Leonard and Penny's sex life in front of Leonard and Penny. ("Now I can eat.") However, Sheldon, Howard, and Raj hear a cricket in the room. To be specific, a snowy tree cricket, based on the number of chirps per minute and the ambient temperature in the room, according to Sheldon. Howard wants to know how he figured that out. Oops...SHELDON: In 1890, Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature; a precise relationship that is not present with ordinary field crickets.RAJ: And how do you know what the ambient room temperature is?SHELDON: According to our agreement, I have control over the thermostat since the sweaty night in '06.Howard spent his childhood with many an insect, capturing them, putting them in jars, labeling them by genus and species using Dymo labels, and he is not convinced they heard a snowy field cricket. He is willing to wager his Fantastic Four comic #48, with the first appearance of the Silver Surfer against Sheldon's Flash #123 comic. The bet is on, but how do they determine the species of the cricket? Time to do a little hunting in the apartment.RAJ: I wonder what the non-pathetic people are doing tonight. (Judging by the alternating of wine and kissing by Leonard and Penny, mostly the same thing.)The boys head into the hall, where a rumbling growl scares them. (RAJ: That was me. Indian food doesn't agree with me. Ironic, isn't it?) They break open the broken elevator (another irony I guess) and Sheldon descends into it to find the cricket. However, Howard and Raj trace the cricket down the stairs, leaving Sheldon in the elevator, and in the dark.Still that was better than Leonard and Penny's night. Once the wine was gone, they switched to Peppermint Schnapps to get in the mood, mainly because Penny likes Peppermint and Schnapps is a funny word. You can pretty much guess what happens next. Both are having a peristaltic chain reaction, to quote Messrs. Campbell and Algar.At the university, Howard and Sheldon are still fighting over what kind of cricket they had. They ask Raj to referee, but he has lost interest. Then they ask Leonard, but he has lost the will to live. They thankfully settle it by asking Professor Crawley in the Entemology Department for the definitive answer. Leonard is just glad they left.In the Entemology lab, it is more than a little creepy, and Howard manages to get Raj to scream like a little girl. It turns out bugs freak him out. SHELDON: You're afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render you catatonic. It was a joke. I made it to lessen your discomfort. You're welcome.Professor Crawley comes in, and it would seem he is none too happy about his lot in life, since he thinks Sheldon is there to take his office. Dr. Crawley just got his funding cut, and he has nowhere to go after 20 years and a doctorate nobody seems to give him respect for. Of course, Sheldon is oblivious to the soon-to-be-canned professor; he wants the cricket identified. The professor is more worried about having to move in with his daughter in Oxnard. (in the onion fields!) However, Crawley confirms it's a simple field cricket, and Howard wins the bet. Crawley (who was named Creepy Crawley by the other kids, natch) has a dung beetle in the lab named after him that he discovered in the Bornean rain forests. It would have been a greater discovery if his wife hadn't been "shacking up with a two-bit orinthologist" at the time. CRAWLEY: And when I tell you that that's a common field cricket, you can take that to the damn bank. Cause God knows I can't That tramp took me for everything!SHELDON: Well, apparently I was wrong. Congratulations.As Sheldon laments having to get his Flash comic from his safe deposit box, Penny tries to empathize that she's having problems with Leonard, and he's having problems with Wolowitz. To no avail. Until Sheldon points out that the two aren't in the same boat, since Penny can always go back to being friends with Leonard. She considers that.Sheldon enters the apartment relaying the fact that he and Penny talked about Leonard's sexual problems and that Sheldon has to give up his prized Flash comic.LEONARD: Wait a minute. You talked to Penny about our sex life?SHELDON: Leonard, it astonishes me that you continually fixate on the trivial. I LOST a bet to Wolowitz!Leonard is now mad that Sheldon has "crossed that line" once again and goes to see Penny. He wants to know what Sheldon said. She talks about Sheldon saying they could go back to being friends. He asks if that's what she wants. She thinks it's better because there's less pressure, and he agrees. The pressure is off now. And they go have sex.
