We start the evening with a wonderful game of chess. Sounds normal for this group. Intellectually challenging, the mental mano-a-mano battle. Of course, that's too easy. After Raj's strategical move, Leonard must make his...across the floor, through a 2-foot gap, and a BZZZZT!!! Oops, he hit a laser beam; one of the many perils of "Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess." Sheldon's turn is up, but he has something more important to do. Since it is 11:00, it is past the "don't knock before 11AM or I punch you in the throat" rule implemented by Penny. Thankfully, we don't have to ponder the possibilities of Howard's "Secret Agent NAKED Laser Chess," as Sheldon knocks on Penny's door (with the standard 3 knock-Penny-repeat cadence), and he covers his throat just in case. He's within the guidelines, so it is safe for him to deliver the package that came for Penny. He does have more difficulty getting Penny to sign his form to acknowledge receipt of the box and release him from indemnification for it. Penny would rather show Sheldon that she is making flower barrettes for the hair, which she calls "Penny Blossoms." It appears to be a bit of a good seller, as several co-workers have asked for them, and a store that sells cards and homemade jewelry is interested. After making $156 for her efforts, she believes she can grow this as a business and stop waitressing. Sheldon is no longer impressed...actually, he's shocked."Who's going to bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights?!?""Ummm...another waitress?""What's her name?!?!?""I don't know.""AND YOU'RE GOING TO LET HER HANDLE MY FOOD!?!?!?!?!?!?!?"Clearly, Penny's level of concern about Sheldon's hamburger (Cheeseburger!) is waning quickly, so she switches to business-related questions. Thanks to Sheldon's quick math, Penny's ability to make 20 blossoms a day at a 50 cent profit each would pay her $2,600 per year (before taxes). Sheldon, however, is surprisingly optimistic. By retooling her marketing techniques and optimize her manufacturing process, she can make it a viable business. It would seem Sheldon knows about these things."Penny, I'm a physicist. I have a working knowledge of the universe and everything it contains.""Who's Radiohead?"(long, evil pause) "Penny, I have a working knowledge of the IMPORTANT things in the universe. Good luck."Normally, Penny would give up at this point, but she needs help and asks Sheldon for it. Sheldon makes it clear that SHE is asking HIM for assistance. Which would involve HIM telling HER what to do. And she can't be sarcastic or snide during it. She begrudgingly agrees. Sheldon proceeds to rip up her entire process. ("Well, imagine that.") They're off to a good start, aren't they?Sheldon begins testing Penny on her blossom-making skills. She has the process down to 12:17. At that pace, she'll earn $5.19 per day. In order to get her pay above child laborers at a shoe factory in Indonesia, Penny will have to familiarize herself with Honore Blanc's use of interchangeable parts in 1778. The assembly line, Penny. (Sorry, Penny, Sheldon never agreed not to be condescending.) Across the hall, the guys are leaving for a movie; right after Howard finds out what would have happened to James Bond had Goldfinger NOT turned off the laser beam. However, they hear very strange sounds coming from Penny's apartment...Come all ye young fellows that follows the sea---To me, way hey, blow the man down---
Now please pay attention and listen to me---Give me some time to blow the man down---
I'm a deep water sailor just come from Hong Kong---You give me some whiskey, I'll sing you a song---When a trim Black Ball liner's preparing for sea---On a trim Black Ball liner I wasted me prime---When a trim Black Ball liner preparing for sea---You'll split your sides laughing such sights you would see
The guys are intrigued. Sheldon is helping Penny make blossoms, and the sea shanty they're singing has the process down to only 3 minutes. However, this is now the time for them to come up with some engineering-inspired ideas, whether Penny wants them or not. Hot glue must be used instead of any cyanoacrylates because the surface is too porous. However, Howard's suggestion of a silicone-based RTV would provide a better mounting surface. After hearing of Penny's marketing and distribution channels, all of them have ideas for setting up an e-commerce business structure for her (complete with server farm and industrial cooling system for it). Sheldon gets them to focus on a major issue: moisture-induced glitter clump. Howard has the solution of using some type of desilicate, since he's seen this happen on strippers. (You knew Howard was going to mention "stripper" the minute they said "glitter," didn't you.) But it's time to get cracking. Howard and Raj will get some micro porous charcoal from the lab to help them, Leonard will start designing the Website, and Sheldon will set up his apartment for the manufacturing process. Since it's Penny's business, she'll take a nap.Leonard has the Website up. The judgments:"It looks like the MySpace page of a 13-year old girl."---Penny"Dateline could use this to catch predators."---Howard (there was another one, but the cable cut out---sorry)Before Sheldon can "convince" Penny to fire Leonard (it's her business, after all), a couple of orders come up. A woman in Alabama could use them to cover her bald spots. Sheldon has an inspiration: market the blossoms to men who are balding. The hook? The blossoms have Bluetooth. After all, EVERYTHING is better with Bluetooth. Suddenly, the mother of all orders!"Who needs 1,000 sparkly flower barrettes with rhinestones?""The 5th Annual East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender Alliance Luau."One problem: they want it in one day. They have to compete with Amazon, even though Amazon doesn't actually have to glue books together in one day. Penny is ready to give up, but Sheldon won't do it. He reminds Penny that this was her idea for financial independence, her entrepreneurial inspiration. She must get rid of any sort of equivocation or self-doubt. "Did Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo? Jim Bowie?""They didn't quit; they got massacred by, like, a gazillion angry Mexicans."---HowardSheldon comes up with the clincher: the gross receipts from the order would be over $3,000. "You guys get started! I'm going online to buy shoes!"After 128 blossoms are made, the guys are starting to grumble, especially Raj. Of course, comparing this to living in India is not a good idea, as his father was a gynecologist and his house was full of servants. ("Only 4 servants! And two of them were children!") Sheldon, however, has the plan to culture the "living organism" that is the labor force and head off any sort of negativity..."HEY!! LESS TALK, MORE WORK!!!" (Well, Penny was impressed, anyway.)With 380 to go, the gang is getting tired. Even Sheldon is one work song behind. (But good baritone on "Sixteen Tons!") Penny offers Sheldon coffee, but he staunchly refuses, saying he promised his mother he wouldn't do drugs. Sheldon is off to bed, and Penny pleads with Leonard to fix the situation. Easy..."But Sheldon, without your insight and leadership, this enterprise will surely fail!" Works like a charm. (And don't call me Shirley.)Well, it would appear that caffeine doesn't make Sheldon work faster with the blossoms. Actually, it turns him into a cross between Stephen Hawking and Emeril Lagasse. (Yes, with with requisite "BAM!" after each scientific inspiration.)The good news is, they were successful in getting 1,000 blossoms made in one day. However, the East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, and Transgender Alliance wants another 1,000, rush order. Penny tries to rally the troops, but they're too dead on their feet to do it. Well, Leonard, Howard, and Raj are too tired. Sheldon is ready to go. Or should I say...THE FLASH!!! ZOOM-ZOOM-ZOOM!!!"Where's the coffee?? I'll have some more before this banana hits the ground! ZOOM-ZOOM-ZOOM!!!"Although the business failed, at least "Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess" is still going. Oh, wait; Raj was only trying to get a slice of pizza. Leonard's right: "Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Lunch" is stupid.
