Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is having a fun time in his head at the university. Unfortunately for the guys, he shares it with them. He was wondering what would be the best species for humans to merge with, much like a lichen is a combination of fungi and algae? Raj's (Kunal Nayyar) answer of a swan was wrong, as was Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) guess of a horse. ("Mostly for the height, a little bit for the genital girth.") Howard's (Simon Helberg) answer of a kangaroo was wrong, although he would be the first of his people to dunk a basketball...and could not only live inside his mother's house, he could live in her body, according to Leonard. But Sheldon's answer was humans should merge with a lichen. At a concert, it could appreciate Beethoven, get a great view being in a tree and feed off the sunlight. Quickly changing topics, Raj wants to throw Howard a bachelor party. He doesn't want any strippers, despite there being a strip club in North Hollywood that named a pole after him. But they think it would be good since he was the first to be married, so Raj suggests a train trip through wine country in Napa. There would be wine tastings, it's beautiful at this time of year, and all the wild flowers are in bloom.LEONARD: Look at that. In thirty seconds, we went from hiring women to being them.Leonard tells Penny (Kaley Cuoco) about the bachelor party plans, which were at a nice restaurant. And she wasn't worried a bit about Leonard...which offended him a bit. But given the most Leonard has ever done with a stripper is not make eye contact and offer to help her kid with his SATs, you can understand why. But give Sheldon credit for embracing swearing, tobacco, and even alcohol, some of the staples of the stag party. So he tries some scotch. (SHELDON: Jeepers, that's yucky!) Everybody was there, even Kripke (John Ross Bowie), Stuart from the comic book store and (not so) Evil . While Stuart tried to sell his grandfather's watch to pay for his share of the festivities, Amy (Mayim Bialik) videotaped Penny, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), and her working on preparing for the wedding. At the moment, they were preparing gift bags for the out-of-town guests with maps, restaurant recommendations, and for Howard's relatives, antihistamines, antacids, and medicine for diarrhea and constipation. (PENNY: We labelled them Stop and Go.)AMY: (on video) Bernadette, on the first night you consummate your marriage, what do you think you're first sexual position will be as husband and wife?Penny mercifully pulls the plug on Amy's videotaping. (PENNY: Ask her stuff like if she's going to take Howard's name, not who's going to sit on who.) Bernadette's going the hyphenated route, in case you were wondering.Raj initiates a toast honoring the man of the hour, Howard. And Sheldon is happy to volunteer the first words about him. And a drunk Sheldon thinks some jabs he wrote about Howard would be quite the rib-tickler. (nope) Leonard follows it up talking about the wild times Howard and Leonard had together. Actually, it was an excuse to tell how Penny and he had sex in the ocean and he wanted it to count. ("There could have been an undertow!") Kripke cuts him off, and Stuart tries to congratulate him. But he gets all choked up. ("You have everything! I'm 37, I sleep in the back of a comic book store, and I have the bone density of an 80-year-old man!") Kripke uses his time to whine about there being no strippers. Finally, Raj gets up, and he's drunk. ("This grasshopper is kicking my asshopper.") He admitted not knowing how to be cool or dress right when he came to this country, but everything changed when he met Howard, "because we could be lonely together." They talked about camping and sharing all of their secrets, like Raj liking manicures and Howard losing his virginity to his cousin.HOWARD: (nervous) It was my second cousin.SHELDON: (drunk) And the first woman you disappointed sexually! (the crowd liked that one)Then Raj talked about Leonard and him getting Howard a hooker in Las Vegas. ("Of all the Howard-humping-hooker stories out there, that one's my favorite!") Unless you count the threesome at Comic Con with Raj and the chubby girl in the Sailor Moon costume.RAJ: (hammered) Oh, nothing happened between me and Howard, there was 200 pounds of sailor moon between us!And if Howard thinks things are bad now, Evil Wil Wheaton taped the whole thing and uploaded it to the Internet.Bernadette, as you might suspect, is not happy to be picking Howard and Raj up after seeing the video online. ("You never told me about your cousin, or the hooker, or Raj!") She talks with the girls in the morning and she was having doubts about marrying Howard. She thought Howard was a sweet, innocent guy who lived with his mother. (PENNY: I'll take you to the comic book store. That place is full of them.) Suddenly, Bernadette turned on Penny, since she set the two of them up in the first place, demanding if Penny knew about the creepy stuff about Howard beforehand.PENNY: I didn't think it was going to go past the first date. Then when it did, I didn't think it would go past you meeting his mother. Then DEFINITELY NOT past the two of you sleeping together. You know, the warning signs were there. This is on you.Bernadette stormed off crying, and Howard continued to try and call her to beg for forgiveness. But the guys weren't any help. Sheldon gave him chicken broth from an 8-year-old bullion cube, Leonard didn't know anything about women, and Raj could only offer the number of the chubby girl from Comic Con. Amy and Penny can't talk Bernadette out of the bathoom, and Amy's suggestion of payback with a cousin Bernadette finds hot goes over as well as you think. Howard comes over and asks Penny to relay a message to Bernadette.HOWARD: (very humbled) Just tell her that I'm really sorry...and if she doesn't want to marry me, I get it. But what I really want her to know is that the guy she's disgusted by is the guy I'm disgusted by, too. But that guy doesn't exist anymore. He's gone, and the reason is...because of her. So if this relationship is over, let her know that she made me a better man, and tell her thank you.PENNY: (in tears) Oh, my God. Howard, that's the most beautiful thing I ever heard, and it came out of YOU!Fortunately, Penny doesn't have to relay the message, as his voice, like his mother's, travels through walls. Bernadette forgives him and the wedding is still on.AMY: (hugs them) Oh, thank God. I'm still a maid of honor! (Penny joins in on the hug) This is kind of hot.
