Big news from astrophysics: the Primordial Wave Discovery could very well change our entire view of the cosmos. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) loves it, and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thinks being an astrophysicist right now is like being a rock star. Only without the sex, according to Howard (Simon Helberg). And Raj still agrees. Sheldon (Jim Parsons), on the other hand, couldn't care less because he wants to know what the average man on the street gets out of it. Translation: he's so jealous, he's more green than the Hulk. More than likely, that was because he had spent 20 years on trying to prove String Theory and may never be able to, while the origins of the universe and the Higgs boson may have been discovered. Which of course gave Kripke a chance to dig the knife into Sheldon's pride. Sheldon claimed he had been sidetracked by all of the good television on these days, while Kripke, also a proponent of String Theory, was wise enough to spend his grant money on liquor and women. But Sheldon should cheer up: Game of Thrones (2011) is awesome!Penny (Kaley Cuoco) sees Sheldon in the morning and discovers he didn't sleep the whole night. Not because of his The Walking Dead (2010) pillowcases, but that he had spent all of his time and effort working on String Theory and he had nothing to show for it. Penny understood...not the physics stuff, but how one could put so much time and effort into something only to have it not come to fruition. (SHELDON: Like your acting career? Your relationship with Leonard? Your failed attempt to go back to college?) Penny meant that Sheldon had been in a relationship with String Theory and knew it couldn't go anywhere. (SHELDON: I said Leonard, you said no.) Penny meant Sheldon needed to have the courage to end his relationship with String Theory. To break it off, shake hands, and walk away.LEONARD: (coming out of the bedroom and blowing his nose like a trumpet) Baby, have you seen my good inhaler?SHELDON: (conspiratorially) Break it off, shake hands, walk away.Raj tried dating two women, but it was quickly down to one. Emily was cool with Raj dating Lucy, but Lucy wasn't as cool with Raj dating Emily at the same time, and she was less cool when Raj pointed out to her that she wasn't as cool with Raj dating Emily at the same time. Howard wanted to meet her as soon as possible, but Raj insisted Emily wasn't going anywhere. (HOWARD: Oh she is, but I like the attitude.) Raj agreed to a double date with Howard and Bernadette but some ground rules were necessary.HOWARD: Like when it turns out she's made of rubber, I don't say anything?RAJ: She's very real.HOWARD: That's what it says on the box. Right next to 'dishwasher safe.' (Raj is not happy.) I promise I'll be on my best behavior.RAJ: You better be. No jokes about how close I am with my dog. Or the truth about how close I am with my dog.Sheldon took Penny's advice and treated his work in String Theory as a relationship and took steps to break up. He did a lot of research from the foremost expert on how to get over breakups: Cosmopolitan. (Well, every issue DOES have an article on getting over a breakup.) He asked if the guys wanted his books on String Theory, because burning them like Cosmo suggests reminded him too much of East Texas church picnics. The next step: a new haircut. And Sheldon's really down the rabbit hole now because he was letting Penny cut his hair. (I guess Mr. D'Onofrio didn't pull through.) Sheldon suggested a Bill Gates-meets-Nikola Tesla style. (LEONARD: So, business in the front, science in the back?) And if Penny did a good job, Sheldon would share Cosmo's 10 Dynamite Tips for Enjoying your PMS. Penny makes some changes, and even Leonard thinks it works.SHELDON: (looking at himself in the mirror) I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band. Of course, I'd be the dreamy one and the smart one.Amy (Mayim Bialik) arrived and most decidedly disagreed with Sheldon's new look. Penny thought it was cute.AMY: Yeah, it's cute. That's the problem! I don't want the other girls see him walking around like sex on a stick!SHELDON: She's right; I'm too hot.At the restaurant, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) couldn't believe Howard thought Raj would blow his date with Emily. (HOWARD: It's Raj. That's his thing. Beckham can bend it, Ralph can wreck it, Raj can blow it.) But it turns out Howard has much bigger problems than that. He had seen Emily before, and it was a very bad thing. Emily thinks she had seen Howard before but he denied it. She asked if he went to a spin class, and he jumped at the easy one. Which Raj torpedoed. (HOWARD: Oh, now who doesn't know how to listen?)Sheldon's next step was to find a new field of study. And wondered how a Geology book got into their apartment. (SHELDON: Leonard, did you throw a children's party while I was in Texas?) Leonard suggested he study standard model Physics. Sheldon refused to study something even less advanced.SHELDON: Why don't you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear?PENNY: Like you could get a brown bear.LEONARD: I've got a good job. I could buy salmon. You don't know.Amy suggested taking up the calculations of nuclear matrix elements, but Sheldon thought he could go with something that was even less of a fad. Like getting a tramp stamp. And Loop Quantum Gravity? Never mind, that just brings out the Duchess in his head.AMY: I hope he's this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.LEONARD: If he does, I'll see if my bear has a friend.Penny advised not rushing into something new, that perhaps the right field will find him. And Sheldon agreed because that's how String Theory found him. He was hit over the head with it. Literally, as a bully chased him through the library and hit him with the biggest book he could find. And they celebrated with grape juice that had been pre-digested by a fungus. (aka wine)Emily won't let go where she had seen Howard. And Raj kindly volunteered Howard being an astronaut...a bit too late. Emily figured it out. They were set up on a blind date four years ago, and Howard came to her apartment. Howard asked to use her bathroom because his stomach was acting up. (HOWARD: One roll of toilet paper and 20 minutes later, I was so embarrassed, I snuck out the window and never saw her again.) Oh, if only that was the end of it. Emily never got her security deposit back, but in Howard's defense, she didn't have a plunger and the water was spilling out everywhere. (EMILY: Right. Just water.) But it worked out for the best because Emily loved telling the story to her friends, who branded Howard Clogzilla.BERNADETTE: Howie...HOWARD: It's not like cotton candy comes out of you!In fairness, the rest of the night went well. Emily was a dermatology student because she liked using knives on people, and this was the only non-Dexter (2006) way to do that. But Howard couldn't get over his embarrassment, so he went to get some fresh air. (EMILY: Been there.)A drunk Sheldon was being led to his bedroom by Amy because he was drunk. Sheldon claimed he drank as much as Penny. (AMY: Yeah, that's what I'm saying.) In the morning, Sheldon felt like death warmed over, was completely naked, and found an open Geology book next to him.SHELDON: Oh, my God. What have I done?It was quite the walk of shame.LEONARD: Are you going to introduce me to your friend?SHELDON: (covering the Geology book) This is not my friend.LEONARD: I don't know, you were reading pretty loudly last night.And like Howard, oh if only that was the end of it. Apparently, Sheldon drunk-dialed Stephen Hawking. (SHELDON: It's Sheldonoscopy! How come you didn't pick up the phone? Oh, right.) Needless to say, both Howard and Sheldon needed each other's company at the cafeteria. No such luck, Kripke heard about Sheldon's drunk dialing and not even Clogzilla was going to stop him.BTW, Sheldon believes in quantity over quality when it comes to drunk dialing.SHELDON: It's me again. I gave up String Theory. You should give up black holes and we totally solve crimes together!(next message) You know what's great? Geology! Look at this Geo! That's fun to say: gee-ode. Gee-ode.(next message) Gee-ode, gee-ode. I kiss girls now.(next message) Hey, guess who I am? Beep-bop-boop-bop! I'm you! Get it?(next message) Are you mad at me? Oh, no! You're mad at me! I'm so sorry! Beep-bop-boop-bop!(next message) Thiospinel sulfide. Thiospinel sulfide. That's even more fun than gee-ode. Hey, did you see the new Lego movie?STEPHEN HAWKING: What a jackass.
