Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) promised Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) they would go out and play games later that night. However, they wanted to play Risk (Middle Earth version, natch), which is a game that could take hours. This didn't sit well with the ladies, who demanded they do something they wanted after all of the game nights, videogame nights, and movie nights (with director commentary on) they had to endure. (AMY: George Lucas can talk all the way through Star Wars, but I say one word and I'm banished to the kitchen.) Penny's ideas for horseback riding was rejected...by Amy, who apparently can't spread her legs wider than 22°. Ice skating was rejected because Amy had rather brittle ankles, and Amy's idea of an arts and crafts fair was rejected by Penny...because it was an arts and crafts fair. Finally, Sheldon suggested what most couples would do: the ladies do some shopping while the guys hold their purses impatiently in those uncomfortable chairs.Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was going out of his mind. And not because his bikini wax was starting to grow back like Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) suspected. He was part of a team that helped launch a probe to Pluto nine years earlier, and it was scheduled to arrive and go online. But with the distance the signal has to travel, he still had to wait several hours to find out if the probe made it successfully. Howard (Simon Helberg) thought he was being ridiculous, dismissing Raj's worry space ice would hit it. (RAJ: Space ice is no joke! I can't even watch Frozen (2013) anymore.) Not even telling Raj how patient he had to be while going up in the Soyuz rocket to the International Space Station calmed him down. And since Bernadette didn't have anything from her company for anxiety (although if Raj was having urinary problems, no sweat), he decided if he could throw his water bottle into the trash can, the probe would activate successfully.HOWARD: So in addition to being crazy, you're resting the fate of the mission on your athletic prowess? The man who crashed his stationary bike?RAJ: I didn't crash it. My playlist was too up-tempo, I got light-headed, and I fell off.(Oh, he hit the shot. And insisted it had to be 2 out of 3.)Leonard and Sheldon at the store holding Penny's and Amy's purses looked like every last guy who ever had to go shopping at the store with their girlfriend and hold their purse. Sheldon was more tortured because he was facing the lingerie section. Of course, Penny pointed out women could do what he did and have his mother send him pants from the Wal-Mart in Houston. (SHELDON: They have a man there who understands my personal style!) Oh, and there was no mobile phone service in the store. But still, there are plenty of ways men passed the time before smartphones were invented. And Sheldon took out his phone to look them up. (SHELDON: Son of a biscuit!) He decided to call the store's corporate office to complain about a lack of wi-fi in the store. (SHELDON: Son of a biscuit!)Nothing's stopping Leonard and Sheldon. They decided to play Risk right there in the store. The invisible version. Where somehow Leonard keeps rolling double sixes. (SHELDON: If I didn't see it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it.) Still, they persevered given the ladies make compromises for them all the time. Leonard was actually impressed Sheldon was being so mature about it.SHELDON: I don't know why you're so surprised. If there's one thing I've learned after living with you for so many years, it's how to compromise.Uh-oh.Leonard can't believe it, of course. (LEONARD: You make compromises for me? On Earth? In our lives? That we're living?) Apparently, Sheldon thought it was a big compromise for Leonard to have a big piece of lettuce stuck in his teeth at lunch yesterday and he kept his mouth shut.LEONARD: (angry) A compromise is me having to drive you everywhere because you refuse to learn how to drive!Actually, Amy taught him, but it scares Sheldon, sometimes he gets the pedals mixed up, and he felt Leonard driving him to work gave Leonard's life purpose. (SHELDON: I can't take that away from you, so...oh, come on! I'm practically feeding you the answer!)Howard decided to be supportive and went with Raj to temple. Not a Jewish one (Judaism is not all briskets and dreidels, according to Howard), but Raj meant a Hindu temple. Of course, now Howard was worried someone was going to rip his heart out like in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984).RAJ: Dude, that movie is an imperialist fantasy that makes the followers of a beautiful and peaceful religion look like a bunch of thirsty barbarians.HOWARD: You love that movie.RAJ: Yeah, it's really great.Howard is surprised Raj was suddenly getting religious, especially given he once watched Raj eat 2 pounds of beef at a Brazilian steakhouse. But Raj said many scientists believed in God. Even Albert Einstein. (HOWARD: Of course he believed in God. He slept with Marilyn Monroe!)Amy and Penny's dress shopping wasn't going well. Although if Penny ever transferred to the Hookers & Whores Division at her workplace, she found the cutest dress to wear. But she had to admit she was as bad as the guys when it came to making Amy do things she liked. Amy was OK with it, given she promised herself once she got friends she would do what they wanted. (AMY: Lucky you found me instead of a cult.) Penny decided that everyone was going to do what Amy wanted that night. Which was basket weaving at the crafts fair. Still, that was a step up from Sheldon defining a compromise as not putting the apple pancake mix on the top shelf alphabetically where Leonard couldn't reach it in order to make Sheldon's breakfast.LEONARD: Is is MY TURN to talk about the compromises I make?SHELDON: Well, I wasn't done, but go ahead...he said compromising.Leonard had quite a few bullets in his gun, such as adjusting the thermostat in his own apartment, wearing shoes that MIGHT squeak, and the big one, not being able to live with Penny because of him. The last time he wanted to do it, Sheldon had an emotional breakdown and ran away on a train. Sheldon had an affinity for inconveniencing every person he knew. Now it was Sheldon's turn to fire back, saying how mean Leonard was to him, with all of his eye rolls and sarcastic comments. Leonard apologized for doing that but there was a lot he was holding back. But Sheldon decided if he was the one holding Leonard back from living with Penny, he wouldn't do it anymore.SHELDON: Just put on your squeaky shoes and eep-eep-eep out of my life.LEONARD: Come on, don't get upset.SHELDON: (pulling out a tissue from Amy's purse) I'm not upset; I'm just imagining a world without my best friend in it.LEONARD: I'm not leaving your world; I'm just talking about living across the hall.SHELDON: Either way, I understand. I just want you to know that I am aware of how difficult I can be. I just want to say (starts crying) thank you for putting up with me.LEONARD: (grabs a tissue from Penny's purse) Buddy...Yes, this is right when Penny and Amy return. They want to know what's going on, and Amy lambasts Leonard about discussing living arrangements, as Sheldon is a known flight risk. (SHELDON: That's exactly what I told him!) Penny understood, so they thought they could do it gradually. Two nights a week with Penny, where Sheldon countered with one night and lets him whistle. (SHELDON: When I'm not home.) Good enough.Raj and Howard made it to the temple. Howard was worried he wasn't dressed properly, but then he attended other places dressed like that. Raj realized whenever he went to the temple, it gave him a sense of peace, that the universe (fate, God, karma, whatever you will) has a plan and it worked through everyone. And then someone dinged his car. He went ballistic until Howard got out and showed him a text saying the probe was online and working. (RAJ: Namaste.)Turns out, basket weaving wasn't too bad, although Leonard should keep that to himself otherwise Amy would drag the group there every Sunday. Sheldon made a rather nice Chinese 16th century soldier's helmet.LEONARD: Looks great (rolls eyes)SHELDON: I saw that.But he did stick to his compromise. Leonard and Penny were sleeping in her bedroom. And Sheldon was sleeping on her couch.
