When we last left the gang, Priya was moving back to India and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) slept with Raj (Kunal Nayyar). Facing the music in the morning, Penny told the guys, "this isn't what it looks like." And Sheldon (Jim Parsons) was perplexed throughout lunch. Since it looked to him like Raj and Penny engaged in coitus, he had put on his thinking cap (strapping it tightly) to figure out what they were really doing. He theorized Raj was infested with pinworms, which would require they wait until Raj was asleep when the pinworms would come crawling out of his rectum for air. Oh, and did I mention Leonard (Johnny Galecki) was having spaghetti for lunch during this? (Wild guess what happened there.) Sheldon concluded Penny was checking Raj for pinworms. ("That's a true blue friend!") Finally, Leonard told Sheldon she was lying. And Sheldon took off his thinking cap in disgust.Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj join Sheldon and Leonard at the cafeteria for one very awkward lunch. Not awkward enough, apparently.SHELDON: Leonard, is it awkward for you knowing one of your dear friends had sexual intercourse with the woman you used to love in the place you lay your head?This was apparently a segue into the paintball tournament this weekend in which the guys were entered. Sheldon wants to set up a chain of command. He's in charge, of course, but he wants to make sure you get the rank right. The other three ignore Sheldon and get to arguing. Howard is mad at Raj because he thought he could have slept with Penny were he not engaged to Bernadette. (LEONARD: Sheldon would have been before you, and he might not even have genitals!) Raj wants to know why Leonard cares, especially since he's dating Priya and Raj is in love with Penny. ("The god Kamadeva has shot us with his flowery arrows of love! He's the Hindu version of Cupid, only way cooler because he rides a giant parrot.") Leonard argues Raj will fall in love with anybody; he was writing poems about Bernadette (Melissa Rauch). Which Howard, actually, didn't know about before now. Oh, by the way, Sheldon decided to be a captain and does have genitals. According to him, they're functional and aesthetically pleasing. Of course, now Raj gets both barrels from Bernadette because Howard freaked out on her. Raj thought she liked him because she was always nice to him. (BERNADETTE: (livid) I'M NICE TO EVERYONE!!!)Penny, meanwhile, was picking up where she left off the prior night with a bottle of wine when Amy (Mayim Bialik) stops by. She heard what Penny did. More to the point, who Penny did. Penny is beside herself for hurting both Leonard and Raj. ("I feel like Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Whore!") Amy told her about Russian ruler Catherine the Great, who actually had sexual intercourse with a horse.AMY: She engaged in interspecies hanky-panky and people still called her 'great'. I'm sure your reputation will survive shagging a little Indian boy.When Penny admitted something similar happened in kindergarten (she was supposed to marry a boy at recess, but he was already engaged, so she hung upside down on the monkey bars and let all the boys see her underpants) Amy figured it out. Since Penny's prefrontal cortex failed to make her happy, promiscuity floods her with the needed amount of dopamine. Or what neurobiologists call the "skank reflex." That didn't really help, so Penny wanted Amy to go with her to find a place where people haven't seen her naked. ("We may have to drive a while.") Unfortunately, she opens the door to her apartment and Leonard is right outside. Maybe she can sleep over at Amy's for a while.Sheldon finds Leonard (it took him a moment, since Leonard was wearing camouflage), so he got someone to help: Leonard's mother (Christine Baranski). Leonard begrudgingly explains Priya is moving to India, Penny slept with Raj, and he feels confused and alone. Her advice: buck up.LEONARD: You're a world-renowned expert in parenting and child development, and all you've got is 'buck up'?BEVERLY HOFSTADTER: Oh, sorry. Buck up, sissy pants.If Leonard needs anything else, she can buy one of her books on Amazon.At Amy's place as Penny and Amy brushed each other's hair, Penny lamented her failure as an actress in L.A. Her best shot recently was for a hemorrhoid commercial. ("I can so see you being the face of hemorrhoids." "I know, right?") Penny wanted to move back to Nebraska, but Amy had a social life right now that basically relied on Penny. Raj arrives (properly liquored to talk to them) and Raj tries to ask her on a date. But Penny admits she was really drunk and made a huge mistake. She wants to go back to being friends with Raj and was afraid they ruined it by having sex.RAJ: You can't ruin a friendship with sex. That's like saying you can ruin ice cream with chocolate sprinkles!But she wants to just be friends, no sprinkles. Raj agrees and admits they didn't have sex in the "conventional" sense. ("Oh, God! Did you pull some weird Indian crap on me, did you?") It turns out Penny had asked Raj if he brought protection, which he had (he's always packing), and he tried to put it on to no avail. She tried to help him, and...PENNY: So, we didn't actually...RAJ: I did, it was beautiful!Penny was relieved. She even said Raj could tell people the passion burned out too quickly, like a candle in the wind. Penny desperate for babies, and Raj ruining her for white men? Not so much. They agree to be friends and hug it out. ("Penny? It's getting beautiful again.")Sheldon is all excited about paintball, even using Google Earth on his iPad to show the enemy's location. (He even has that protective shell you can buy; those are so nice) But Leonard, Howard, and Raj are still mad at each other and want to pack it in for the day.SHELDON: You think this is a game? Was the Battle of Antietam a game? Was the sack of Rome a game??LEONARD: Yes, no, and no.Sheldon apologizes for them mutinying on him. He's upset he wasn't a proper captain. His plan was to follow in the footsteps of Kirk, Crunch, and Kangaroo. He goes out unarmed.SHELDON: (to their opponents) Geology isn't a real science!He gets paint-blasted to hell, which motivates the other three to victory. ("If there was ever a Church of Sheldon, this is where they'll build it.") They toasted Captain Sheldon Cooper that night. (Actually, now it was Major, as he awarded himself a battlefield promotion with his last breath.) Penny came by to apologize to everybody. She also told them she was moving back to Nebraska because she sucked at acting. ("Maybe I'll teach acting.") But she gets a phone call. She got the hemorrhoid commercial! She'll be promoting Preparation-H! (rose-scented: the H stands for "her")SHELDON: (to Leonard) Have you ever thought of teaching physics?
