Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) are out on a date. (according to Chandler Bing anyway: two people going out and not having sex) They're attending the lecture of Brian Greene, who wrote a book on The Hidden Reality, which is a book explaining the theory of multiple universes for the masses to understand. And yes, Sheldon and Amy think they're at a comedy club. Sheldon even tries a little heckling...SHELDON: You've dedicated your life to educating the general populace about complex scientific ideas. Have you ever considered trying to do something useful? Perhaps reading to the elderly? But not your books; something they might enjoy...I kid of course. Big fan.Amy also gives Sheldon a little bit of gossip. Sheldon rebukes her, but she insists gossip is a theoretical mainstay of maintaining social groups, without which we may denigrate into feral packs of tattooed motorcyle riders fighting to the death over the last few cans of tuna fish. Amy tells him the big news: Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) might be breaking up with Howard (Simon Helberg). Sheldon thinks the nation's tuna cans are safe, but he passes said knowledge onto Leonard (Johnny Galecki) while they take part in archery. (Yes, on the Nintendo Wii.) Although it brings back the smell of K-Mart bourbon to Sheldon, he was more interested Amy shared that information with him. Leonard was far more interested about Bernadette potentially breaking up with Howard. And since this is gossip, Leonard must spread it to Priya (Aarti Mann)...right after he coaches her on not flossing too close to the mirror. (Sheldon's rule, natch. The toilet won't be a problem, though.) Priya is quite fascinated, as she knows Raj (Kunal Nayyar) has a big crush on Bernadette. Raj has even been writing poems.PRIYA: They're very disturbing. "Oh Bernadette, please play my clarinet." And for years, everyone in my family thought HE was the clarinet enthusiast.Later we find out the source of the rumor: Penny (Kaley Cuoco). (oh, like you're shocked) Leonard and she talk on the way up the stairs, and she's upset because she told Amy in the strictest confidence. ("Some people are such blabbermouths!") But Penny thinks Bernadette can do better.LEONARD: Do you think a sexually ambivalent Indian astrophysicist with selective mutism and alcohol issues is better than a 100-pound Jewish guy who lives with his Mom?Penny is shocked about Raj and even more shocked Priya told Leonard about him. Apparently Penny feels she can keep a secret better than Amy or Priya.LEONARD: You're the one who told Amy in the first place.PENNY: In confidence!It's not over yet. Priya and Raj talk to their parents over videoconference, where apparently Priya gets more crap about geting married than Raj does. And Priya not wanting Raj to tell their parents about her sleeping with Leonard doesn't help at all. They'd actually prefer she would date Howard over Leonard. ("He's Jewish; those chaps are very successful. And they don't drink a lot.") But Priya lets slip Bernadette might be on the market soon. Raj is, to say the least, very happy about a potential clarinet player on the market.Of course, nobody has said a thing to Howard about this, which is good since he's actually going in the other direction: getting a ring so he could propose to Bernadette. He even got a half-carat ring.HOWARD: Her freakishly small hands make anything look big. It's one of the reasons I love her.(I laughed my head off at that line. The audience didn't. I'm a bad person.)Speaking of bad people, Raj thinks it's 'awful' Bernadette might be ready to crush Howard. But it was a 'smile of sadness' he had on. ("India is a goofy place.")Amy and Sheldon are again enjoying some time together. (No, not in bed.) Sheldon tells her about Howard's impending proposal, where the group consensus is a soul-crushing rejection. ("Everyone was sent a-twitter. Strangely, no one Tweeted.") Amy felt Meme Theory was at work, where items are gossip are like living things that seek to reproduce using humans as their host. Sheldon agrees, as "Sheldon Cooper is a smelly pooper" spread like wildfire at his elementary school. (AMY: That's gold.) Amy thought a little social experiment was in order that may not be completely above-board. Amy proposes two false pieces of gossip be spread through the group: one juicy and one mundane as a control.SHELDON: Look at you, getting me to engage in the social sciences. You're a vixen, Amy Farrah Fowler.Amy goes right to Penny to lay them out: she's starting an herb garden and got it on with Sheldon. Penny was still looking for the license of the truck that hit her.Raj goes to The Cheesecake Factory and gets a shot of confidence so he can talk to Bernadette. They talk for about a minute, mostly about Howard puking Red Vines and Cherry Coke at the movie theatre, so the romantic tension was clearly palpable. Penny sees the drink in Raj's drink and puts the pieces together. She's mad at Raj for stabbing Howard in the back, but Raj explains he knows about Bernadette planning to break up with Howard. And Penny discovers he got that from Priya.PENNY: That gossipy bitch! (to Raj) No offense.RAJ: None taken. You should hear how she talks about you.Raj admits not being able to stop thinking about her, so Penny tells him about Sheldon and Amy having sex to give him something else to think about.RAJ: I can't believe ol' Smelly Pooper finally got laid!Leonard apparently found out from Raj, since he carefully questioned Sheldon about it. And Sheldon cleverly deflected it to the herb garden rumor. Leonard leaves the 'lucky dog', who secretly had a beaming Amy on videochat.SHELDON: I must say, Amy, pretending to have sexual intercourse with you has given me great satisfaction.AMY: Slow down, Sheldon. I'm not quite there yet.The meme reaches full penetration (yes, they said that) when Bernadette quizzes Amy on her encounter with Sheldon. One tiny problem: Bernadette wants details. A blow-by-blow description...as it were. ("Pun intended?" "I'm sorry, What pun?") Amy covered by saying Sheldon was aloof but effective.SHELDON: I wish you hadn't done that. That's going to make me a chick magnet and I'm so busy as it is!And Howard has a question for Bernadette. He thought with his friends around was a good time, but Leonard didn't. Although Raj did. He gets on one knee and asks Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski...but she stops him. And says YES! Leonard congratulates them. Priya and Raj are crying...for different reasons, yes. Amy and Sheldon are confused.AMY: I wonder what changed her mind.SHELDON: Perhaps your talk of my sexual prowess renewed her faith in love.AMY: (mulls it over) As good of an explanation as any.Amy tries one more time with Penny: Amy's getting orthotics and carrying Sheldon's baby. Amy didn't even make it down the stairwell before Leonard got her in the hall.AMY: Does that text say anything about orthotics?
