Time to hit the comic book store, and Raj makes his presence known with his new t-shirt, which plays music. But the music might be necessary, as Stan Lee will be at the comic book store signing autographs. Apparently, Stuart's uncle is Stan's dermatologist...which totally ruined the signing for Sheldon. He won't be able to discuss the scientific implications of flying on a silver surfboard while checking the famous comic writer for contagious skin diseases. Raj can't believe he's going to meet Stan Lee. (Cue music: I'm so excited! And I just can't hide it!)As the guys try to figure out which comic book Stan should sign (accompanied by Final Jeopardy music, courtesy of Raj), Howard grabs some Neosporin and bandages from Sheldon's desk for a paper cut...and apparently, Sheldon never heard of direct deposit, given the copious amount of checks in there. There was also a summons from the Pasadena Municipal Court. It wasn't a snide letter about Sheldon's complaints about how the flags flew at the courthouse; Sheldon ran a red light while driving Penny to get her separated shoulder looked at. And in true Murphy's Law fashion, the court date is on the same day as Stan Lee's appearance. Sheldon protested, as he was trying to help Penny and only had a learner's permit. He doesn't think he's guilty, but Raj's "Law & Order" sound effect says otherwise. (that was good)Sheldon goes to meet Penny (and as an aside, you know you're hot when you got guys totally drooling over you when you wear a business suit), and Sheldon wants her to practice his script. Apparently, he'll represent himself and wants Penny to follow what he wrote down. (Gee, if only Penny did that for a living.) Of course, his "homespun corn-fed Nebraska turns of phrase"...combined with a few Valley Girl references...has her annoyed beyond belief within a few seconds. Still, what Sheldon did to Penny was nothing compared with what Sheldon said to Judge Kirby. (cute reference, huh?)SHELDON: Dr. Sheldon Cooper, appearing in "pro se," that means I'm representing myself.JUDGE KIRBY: I know what it means. I went to law school.SHELDON: And yet you wound up in traffic court.Sheldon defends himself by saying he was improperly instructed by Penny, that he was doing what was necessary to help Penny, and his Sixth Amendment rights are being violated since he cannot face his accuser: the camera. The judge is impressed: Sheldon is still guilty.SHELDON: I would point out that I am at the top of my profession while you preside over the kiddie table of yours!The judge gives him a chance to apologize, Sheldon naturally refuses, and Sheldon is in jail for contempt of court. And in the jail cell, he STILL wants his spot. Penny calls Leonard, but he, Raj, and Howard are about to meet Stan Lee, and Howard wants to get in before Raj demands why all of Stan Lee's characters have double initials (Reed Richards, Sue Storm, Peter Parker, Bruce Banner, Steven Strange, Silver Surfer, and worst of all, J. Jonah Jameson Jr.). Sheldon has until 5 PM to apologize to the judge or he'll spend the night in jail. Fortunately, a solution provides itself.SHELDON: Excuse me, jailer? I need to use the restroom.GUARD: Knock yourself out. (pointing to the toilet in the jail cell)SHELDON: (shocked) That's the toilet?!?!?GUARD: Well, it ain't a wishing well.Leonard and Howard are drooling over their "To my friend, Leonard/Howard, from Stan Lee---Excelsior!" autographs. Poor Raj wasn't a friend and didn't get an "Excelsior" due to his comment on alliterative character names. Penny and Sheldon made it home, and Sheldon was $533 lighter in the wallet. And now has three points on a license he doesn't have. And missed gelato with Stan Lee. Sheldon goes ballistic and takes it all out on Penny.Penny decides she wants to make amends and asks Stuart to get her in contact with Stan Lee. He's a little busy sharing a can of tuna with a cat that may or may not show up, but Penny begs and pleads. Several awkward moments later, Stuart gives her Stan Lee's address...if she would go to his cousin's wedding. She's not the happiest person, but then she may not get stood up by a stray cat tonight, so concessions must be made.Penny takes Sheldon to Stan Lee's house. He is, to say the least, not happy that a fanboy just walked up uninvited to his house (although Sheldon thought he and Penny were invited).STAN LEE: You fanboys are unbelievable! Do you think you can just ring my doorbell anytime you want? I mean, why don't you just come in and watch the Lakers game with me!SHELDON: Well, I'm not much of a sports fan, but thank you!PENNY: (apologetic) He doesn't really understand sarcasm.On the good side, Sheldon got a wonderful gift: Stan Lee's autograph and a guarantee to see him again...at the hearing regarding his restraining order. Sheldon is putting that one on the wall next to the one from Leonard Nimoy.
