It's Star Wars Day. The guys are excited, naturally. But Leonard (Johnny Galecki) did have to explain to a confused Penny (Kaley Cuoco) that the date was May 4th, as in May the 4th Be With You. (PENNY: No, no. This face wasn't because I didn't get it.) But it turns out Star Wars Day may have to be put on hold. Leonard knocked on Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) door to tell him he read online that Arthur Jeffries, better known as Professor Proton, had died.LEONARD: (gives Sheldon a hug) Sorry, buddy.SHELDON: What are you doing?LEONARD: Comforting you?SHELDON: Your heart might be in the right place but your head, chest, and arms certainly aren't.Leonard told him the funeral was Sunday, which was Star Wars Day. Leonard asked if Sheldon was OK, and he said he was. Which shocked Leonard a bit, given Sheldon cried when they changed the Raisin Bran box. But Sheldon wasn't completely immune; he was at Amy's apartment watching old Professor Proton videos. Although Professor Proton would have preferred better writers regarding his lecture on owls. (Even the owl gave him crap about it.) Amy (Mayim Bialik) asked if he wanted her to accompany him to the funeral but Sheldon wasn't going. (SHELDON: All those people blowing their noses? I won't be able to tell the sick from the sad.) He thought mourning the inevitable was a waste of time.AMY: And watching a bunch of goofy space movies you've seen hundreds of times isn't?SHELDON: If we were in a physical relationship, you just lost sex tonight.Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) were preparing a Star Wars-themed breakfast, but Penny didn't want anything, not even R2-D-Caff, Cafe Au Leia. Or Tea-3-PO. (PENNY: Oh, I get it. Like C-3PO. What HAPPENED to me?) Sheldon was very quiet, and it wasn't because he was rebooting. Penny offered to take him to the funeral with Leonard, but Sheldon said there was nothing he could do about it.SHELDON: When Darth Vader struck down Obi-Wan, did Luke cry like a baby and go to his funeral?PENNY: No, he went and blew up the Death Star. WHY DO I KNOW THIS?!?But they had to take off and turned down Raj's doggie bag of Attack of the Scones. (PENNY: Clever, like Attack of the Clones....we are leaving RIGHT NOW!)If Amy couldn't get Sheldon to mourn, at least the Death Star cake Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) and she were making could cheer him up. It combined two of his favorite things: chocolate chips and the ability to destroy a planet with the push of a button. Bernadette was doing it because Howard didn't think she took his interests seriously. It was a very nice spherical cake...which should never be left unattended, as they found out the hard way.At Arthur's funeral, Penny had to admit to never attending one. She had a pet pig as a kid, but they didn't have a funeral when it died; they had a barbecue. Penny was very sad because she really liked Arthur and thought she was going to cry, which Leonard didn't discourage. Although staring at her to see if she actually cried kind of discouraged it. She asked Leonard to get it started, but he was not a crybaby. Wait, Toy Story 3 (2010)? (LEONARD: The toys were holding hands in a furnace!) Leonard did admit that Arthur was his childhood hero, but getting to work with him was one of the highlights of his life.LEONARD: (breaking down) It was...a gift.PENNY: (crying) Thank you for being the emotional one in this relationship!LEONARD: (really crying) I got your back!Back at home, Raj suggested they do the Machete Order: Watch episodes 4, and 5, skip 1, watch 2 and 3 as a flashback, then end with 6. That gets rid of most of Jar-Jar, the trade route talk, and the boring Senate hearings..."which felt like C-SPAN with monsters. Sheldon is livid; he doesn't want everything changed. How would Palpatine get Chancellor Velorum kicked out of office? How would he get himself elected?RAJ: It was just a suggestion.SHELDON: (losing it quickly) You know what else was a suggestion? Why don't we change the Raisin Bran box! And you know who else got hurt by that? Every single person who eats breakfast! (storms out)The guy don't know whether to go console him or watch the movies. (yeah, right) Sheldon falls asleep in his room, only to find himself at his computer, visited by Professor Proton (Bob Newhart). Mostly to tell Sheldon he didn't crack up at a joke Sheldon told him. Sheldon thought he was dead, and Arthur was. He was enjoying not having to go to the bathroom every five minutes. However, he wasn't sure why he was there; he thought he was going to get to haunt his ex-wife.SHELDON: I know why! You've come to me because...you're my Obi-Wan!ARTHUR: I'm...not familiar with that. Is that an...an Internet?SHELDON: Wow, um, you're dead, so I'm going to let that slide. Obi-Wan Kenobi is a character from Star Wars. After his physcial demise, he comes to Luke Skywalker as his mentor in spirit form.ARTHUR: Well...that, that clears that up.Sheldon figures Arthur was there to give him advice...and the Obi-Wan robes Arthur was suddenly wearing seemed to confirm that. (ARTHUR: Oh, this is weird. Most of my robes open...open in the back.) But he did think the light saber was really cool. Maybe a little too cool. (ARTHUR: I'm uh...I might need a band-aid.)As far as funerals went, Penny thought her first was a bit of a bummer. Leonard could sympathize and promised she could get a bouncy castle for his. Which struck her as odd. She asked if he thought about death, but he said he was more concerned with having regrets, like not traveling more, taking more risks, and saying no when she asked him to marry her earlier in the season. Penny said it wasn't the right time...nor was right now. (PENNY: I know that face; that's your propose face.) Leonard was in complete denial, especially since he was down 2 to 1 with her on proposals. Penny couldn't believe it. She asked if he wanted to to propose again to even the score and Leonard agreed.PENNY: Leonard, will you marry me?LEONARD: Hmmm.....PENNY: No, you reject me right now and tie things up!Working on their second Death Star cake, Bernadette admitted not seeing Professor Proton, but that was because her dad controlled the TV. (BERNADETTE: Unless someone was a Texas Ranger, Jake, or a Fat Man, we didn't see it.) Amy asked how she got into science, given Proton was Sheldon's inspiration. Bernadette admitted she was always the smallest person in school, so she became a scientist so she could invent a way to make herself taller. And she thought it was working until she found out her brother was just lowering the pencil marks on the doorframe. As for Amy, it started with the Girl Sprouts. (yes, I spelled that correctly) Amy's mother didn't want her to be a Girl Scout and sell cookies on the street like a whore. So Amy went to the library and got a biology book to see what whores did.As Leonard continues to annoy Penny with whether or not to accept her proposal, Sheldon again finds himself with Professor Proton, only they're on Dagobah, where Luke was trained in the ways of the Jedi. (ARTHUR: Too bad, I thought this was Florida.) It was where Obi Wan gave Luke all sorts of advice, so Sheldon was dying to hear what Arthur had for him. (ARTHUR: Always get...get a pre-nup?) Sheldon didn't know why Arthur was there, but he figured it had to do with his recent passing.ARTHUR: Is this the first time you've lost someone close to you?SHELDON: Oh, no. I've already had to say goodbye to eleven Doctor Who's.ARTHUR: Yeah, I've...I've outlived a few of my doctors, too.Sheldon said he had lost his grandfather when he was 5 and his father when he was 11, and now he lost Professor Proton, who was another person he looked up to. Arthur said it was OK to be sad about them, just to appreciate those who were still there for them.SHELDON: But I do appreciate them.ARTHUR: Then, what am I doing in this swamp? Dressed like Friar Tuck? Appreciate them, Sheldon.Sure enough, Leonard knocks on Sheldon's door to see how he's doing, and Sheldon says he's OK. And proceeds to hug Leonard. Leonard invited him to go watch Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi (1983), and Sheldon would be happy to...right after he made the guys watch I through V first. They were not happy. Even Penny thought Jar-Jar Binks was stupid. (RAJ: Hey! We can say it; you can't!) But the completed Death Star cake that Amy and Bernadette brought over lifted everyone's spirits. And they missed very little of the movies!BERNADETTE: (under her breath) Son of a bitch.Sadly, Arthur had a problem. He was there whenever Sheldon needed to dream about him. And now since Sheldon fell asleep watching Star Wars, he was now dreaming he was watching Star Wars.ARTHUR: Don't you see a problem there? How you're spending your limited time on Earth?SHELDON: Not at all.ARTHUR: (gives up) OK, good luck to you.
