Penny (Kaley Cuoco) thinks it must be date night for Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) at the Cheesecake Factory, given the awkward silence, no touching, and Sheldon immersed in his mobile phone. But there's a little sex involved: Sheldon was looking up the phallic symbolism of vegetables in Renaissance paintings...or looking up cuticle scissors on Amazon, whatevs. PENNY: (sarcasm) How do you not want to rip off his clothes and take him right here on the table.SHELDON: (to Amy) You do that and I'll scream.Amy did have some good news. She was to consult on an experiment at the university for a few months so she could have lunch with Sheldon and even carpool. Sheldon thinks it's great, particularly since Leonard doesn't like playing car games. Amy, however, is concerned, that she shouldn't "defecate where one eats." (SHELDON: My father used to say that all the time. That, and "who do one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here?") Amy explains the idiom, which is to not have a romantic relationship at work. Yes, Sheldon was surprised. (SHELDON: That is why I have never voided my bowels in this or any other restaurant.) Amy was relieved, and Sheldon was about to be even more relieved.SHELDON: (going to the bathroom) It's a brave new world, little lady.Howard (Simon Helberg) was on Amy's side about being cautious, but Raj (Kunal Nayyar) admitted his parents met in the workplace. (RAJ: What started as a pap smear turned into a date, which turned into her working there, which turned into marriage, which turned into hate that continues to this day.) Leonard (Johnny Galecki) was good with it, since next time Sheldon got conjunctivitis, she could be the one to hold his head and put the drops in his eyes. Howard doesn't think he could spend all day with someone then be with them at night. Raj said that's what they do. (HOWARD: Yes, and it drove me into the arms of another woman.) Sheldon figures whatever time they have at work he'll deduct from their weekly quota. (LEONARD: Please let me be there when you tell her that.)Over at Penny's, the ladies were having a similar discussion. Amy talked about her experiment, which Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) had done previously...on humans instead of monkeys like Amy will. (BERNADETTE: You mean like death row inmates with nothing to lose? Why no, that would be unethical.) But this time, Penny is able to keep up with their conversation. (PENNY: That's right; my phone's as smart as you guys!) Sure enough, Sheldon knocks in only the way he can and tells Amy she can't work there. But Amy already took the job and cashed a check for it. (SHELDON: You are not going to come out of this looking good.) Sheldon explains Howard told him how tough would it be for him if he had to work with his significant other. No, Bernadette did not take that well. (SHELDON: Don't be insulted. He just thinks too much of you would be mind-numbingly tedious.) Penny defended Amy, saying Sheldon couldn't tell her what he could and couldn't do, despite Penny telling Leonard last week he couldn't go to the mall with his Wookiee jacket. Amy said they would be in different buildings, so they wouldn't have to see each other.AMY: I'm a scientist. I'm just there to do my work, and with a little luck scare the crap out of some monkeys.SHELDON: Are you sure your moth-like personality will not be drawn to this blazing fire that is me?AMY: More and more sure.Over at Leonard and Sheldon's, Howard was trying to get out of what he said...and thanks to Sheldon not backing him managed to put his foot further down his throat. He finally tried honesty, saying if they worked together and lived together they might get sick of each other. (SHELDON: But to be fair, he only said the part about getting sick and tired of you.) Yup, he was Raj's houseguest tonight. (SHELDON: If it makes you feel any better, Amy and I are fine. I mean reallly good.)The next day at the university, Leonard wanted to know how the pajama party went. But Raj insisted they were only hanging out, giggling, eating cookie dough, and watching The Princess Bride (1987).HOWARD: Would you please stop talking!RAJ: (channeling his inner Westley) As you wish.Howard was quite ticked off for Sheldon not backing him, but Sheldon was taking Howard's advice to keep his relationship with Amy professional as she came in for lunch at the cafeteria. (LEONARD: You're taking relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Raj's hair.) Sheldon looks over at Amy's table as mistakes her laughing and talking to her colleagues as loneliness. He goes over and is introduced by Amy to Dr. Gunderson, who is from Sweden. (SHELDON: Ah, home to my favorite Muppet and my second-favorite meatball. OK, the Nordic reputation for no humor is well-founded. What, is his name Gunderson or No Fun-derson?) And it actually goes downhill from there as Sheldon gives every last detail about his boy-girl relationship with Amy that nobody actually requested.SHELDON: OK, here's something new to our relationship. We apparently kick each other under the table. How would you like it if I did it to you? (and does)Amy is in her lab showing pictures to a capuchin monkey to see where their level of fear is at. Frenchman on a bicycle with baguettes...OK. A sousaphone...fine. A crocodile with a bunch of capuchin monkeys in its mouth...a little harder to take. For Sheldon, too, as he comes in to try and get a ride home from Amy. Of course, she's still ticked at him for making fun of Gunderson earlier. (SHELDON: Maybe your friend Gunderson needs to head over to Ikea and assemble a sense of humor.) Amy is upset for embarrassing her in the cafeteria, but Sheldon being Sheldon he doesn't see it. She told him to get out...and the image of a woman giving birth was bad for both Sheldon and the monkey.Sheldon finally made it home on the bus, although he fell asleep on it and ended up in the Little Sri Lanka section of Los Angeles. Asking some Sri Lankans on the bus about his issues with Amy only got him some mutton and coconut milk to bring home. Sheldon told Leonard and Penny that Amy was acting very strangely and still couldn't believe she thought he embarrassed her.LEONARD: Sheldon, I've known you a long time, and I'm going to tell you this with all the love I can muster. Amy's right, you're wrong.SHELDON: But you don't...LEONARD: Don't have to.SHELDON: You're not listening to my side of it.PENNY: OK, Sheldon. What is your side?SHELDON: Well...PENNY: Nope, gotta go with Amy on this one.Over at Raj's, Howard and Raj finished dinner and were playing the latest Batman game. Bernadette stopped by and admitted she may have overreacted earlier and Howard agreed he could have handled things better. Given how much Howard hangs out with his friends during the day and then at night as well (even getting a couples massage with Raj), Bernadette was upset Howard didn't want to spend time with her. He apologized and promised he would make her his #1 priority starting tomorrow. Oops...BERNADETTE: Tomorrow?HOWARD: Well...we're really close to finishing this new Batman game.Bernadette storms out and Raj suggests he go after her.HOWARD: (calls into the hallway) Should I go after you?BERNADETTE: No!Sheldon knocks on Amy's door and tries to explain that all relationships are difficult. "But even moreso when you're in with a person who struggles with everyday social interactions. And who, quite frankly, can strike some people as being kind of a weirdo."AMY: Sheldon, you're not a weirdo.SHELDON: I wasn't speaking about me.Yes, he was still in full denial, thinking Amy gets ticked at the littlest things and that ethnic humor is still the funniest. But he tells her they were a couple and he likes her for how she is, quirks and all. She admits she likes him, too.SHELDON: Well, I hope so. I don't see anyone else banging on this door to put up with your nonsense.Amy slams the door in his face, and Sheldon STILL hasn't figured it out. But Penny did talk to Leonard, who promised to straighten out Sheldon and Howard. Or, they could just sit around and bust balloons skeet-style with a laser from work.
