Leonard, Penny, and Howard are gathered for dinner. A little Chinese food, a lot of sexually-inappropriate comments from Howard, the usual. After Penny moves him away, Sheldon comes in and moves her away from his traditional spot. She inquires about Sheldon's baby wipes, much to the dismay of Howard and Leonard. Apparently, they've put hand dryers instead of paper towels in the washrooms at the university, and to Sheldon's germaphobic mind, "they'd be better off having a plague-infested gibbons sneeze my hands dry." Raj enters announcing great news...until he sees Penny and clams up. Penny decides between Raj's silence, Sheldon's incessant talking and, well, Howard, she goes to eat alone. However, this gives Raj the opportunity to give his news: his discovery of a new object in the Kuiper Belt, 2008-NQ Sub 17 (aka Planet Bollywood), has gotten him People Magazine's "30 Under 30 to Watch." He's in good company, as the list includes a person working on hunger in Indonesia, someone using dolphins to help rehab prisoners, and Juno's Ellen Page. Raj's humble narrative about overcoming extreme poverty to come to America and look towards the stars. (Apparently, gynecologists who drive Bentleys don't make much in India.) Sheldon is confused, though: he does not see how the people at People are qualified to judge Raj's accomplishment over any other. Howard is none too happy about not being credited for making the telescope's mounting bracket."I bet Ellen Page's friends don't give her this much crap!"---RajAt work the next day, Leonard convinces the guys that they should have been more supportive of Raj's accomplishment. Sheldon can't understand the need for apologizing to Raj and inviting him out to dinner. Besides the fact he was being a "total asshat," Sheldon does not realize that this might be the greatest thing Raj receives in his life. "I sometimes forget other people have limitations." This is apparently Sheldon feeling guilty. They talk to Raj, but Sheldon needs to practice being happy for Raj. His facial expressions don't work very well for him, but they might get Heath Ledger an Oscar for playing the Joker. Raj appreciates their gesture, but someone else appreciates it more: Dr. Gablehauser. Raj is his newest star because Raj's discovery gets the university what it needs most: money. (Not science, Leonard.) As a result, Raj gets a new office and gets to have lunch in the President's dining room, where the food is the same as in the cafeteria, only fresher.At dinner, Raj is gloating over his photo shoot with People magazine. (Or glowing, depending on what number Grasshopper he's on.) After a call from his new assistant, Raj tells the guys about a reception for the magazine, and they are all invited, though not to the VIP section since they're only "P's." Unable to take his gloating, they meander ways of not accepting the invitation. Sheldon is a bit direct in his opinion of the "new" Raj..."In Papua New Guinea, there's a tribe when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of the village, they kill him and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious nonsense, of course, but I can see their point."Penny is far more impressed that Raj got into People magazine without knocking up one of the Spears sisters. She gladly accepts the invitation. Now Raj has a date a year faster than Leonard did. That's the final straw, and the guys bail. Raj doesn't care; he tells a guy at the restaurant he's going to be in People. The man is not impressed, given that he's been on the cover himself (and has a CBS show that he shares with Jon Cryer).Raj goes to Penny's apartment with two glasses of champagne in tow from the limousine. She compliments him on his attire, but it's a shame that he can't return the compliment. He was hoping for something a bit more "redonkulous." However, her attire is as redonkulous as she'll get for him. As they leave, Raj brags to Leonard about the limo and breaks into song. P!nk's "Get This Party Started" will no longer sound the same.Howard does have a solution for Leonard's lonliness: Anything-for-a-Greencard.com has HUNDREDS of Croatian women just waiting for him! Leonard takes a pass, a very fast one. Of course, Howard can't let it go and brings up the possibility that Raj and Penny might end up having sexual intercourse tonight. While Leonard unbags dinner (and prays his sleep apnea kills him tonight), Sheldon grills him on his specific choice of dinner. When the broccoli comes in shredded, he concludes Leonard must be thinking that Raj and Penny might and up having sexual intercourse tonight. The situation brings to mind for Sheldon his desire as a child to have a griffin: half-lion/half-eagle. It was designed to replace his dead cat, Lucky, and be more suited to his pet needs. Sadly, he couldn't convince his parents to get him eagle eggs and lion semen. Of course, the point is completely missed. But Sheldon is more than willing to give them the point: if Raj moves on to a life of shallow, undeserved fame, it might be time to create a new companion. In spite of Sheldon's insanity ("I'm not insane! My mother had me tested."), Leonard does see the point. The new friend should be someone they can trust, have lots of money, share their love of technology, and maybe even have a house down by the beach. It's settled: their new friend is Iron Man.Penny and Raj walk up to his apartment. Well, more like Penny holding him up as he stumbles in. Clearly not happy with the night's proceedings, she wants to leave. However, he wants to "put on some R. Kelly and suck face." Obviously, this she finds charming and wants to leave even faster. However, there is a ring on Raj's computer. Raj's parents are contacting him, and he decides he wants Penny to meet them. After all, she's his "main squeeze." However, Penny tells his parents there is "no sowing, no squeezing, and definitely no sucking face." Making matters worse, Raj's father understands why he wants to try the "local cuisine," but he doesn't want Raj to have it for a steady diet. Raj chews his dad out and goes to throw up. Penny decides to leave, but not before telling off his parents: "FYI, you'd be lucky to have a daughter-in-law like me!"The next day, Raj realizes how stupid he was and goes to give Penny an apology note. She won't accept it; she wants to hear it from him. He tries, tries, and tries.....AND SAYS SOMETHING!!! Granted, it's only the word "sorry," but that's enough to earn a hug from her...right in front of Leonard, who clearly takes it the wrong way. It's enough, however, to make Sheldon smile.
