Leonard (Johnny Galecki) came up with a great idea for a new smartphone app, although Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thinks nothing will beat his 99 cent investment in a fart app. Leonard's idea is to use a smartphone's camera to take pictures of differential equations and have the app solve them. Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj thinks he's on to something, and even Sheldon (Jim Parsons) compliments him about it.LEONARD: Could you say that and not make it sound like I'm a cat who learned how to use the toilet?SHELDON: No. The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable. Though if pressed, I'd have to give a slight edge to the cat.Sheldon will be more than happy to be part of the project, and Leonard's so happy about it. But Howard and Raj like the thought of making a few extra bucks. Raj thinks they should take a picture to capture the moment. (Yes, he uses the fart app.)If you think Sheldon is going to try and take over the team, then you've seen this show many times. He didn't even want them discussing the idea in front of Penny (Kaley Cuoco), drowning the guys out with "Deep in the Heart of Texas" with any mention of the app. Penny finally gives up and goes back to her apartment, since she got to mooch off of the guys' dinner. Sheldon passed out everybody's responsibilities, and Howard was his secretary...sorry, executive assistant. Which was actually a worse job than Raj, who got to be customer support to give the illusion their "company" had a huge overseas call center. ("Great idea. Still racist, dude.") Leonard is quite offended that Sheldon made himself CEO, CFO, COO, and CSO (Chief Science Officer).SHELDON: Also, Chairman of the Board, and Head of the Secret Santa Committee.RAJ: Oooh, Leonard is going Alpha Nerd on Sheldon!Leonard takes back control, but Sheldon decides to act conciliatory, just like Howard and Raj are supposed to be, to appease Leonard's need for "mindless nattering of yes-men." Sheldon's suggestion of secretly naming it Project Nodlehs is soundly rejected, as it is Sheldon spelled backwards. And Sheldon decides to call for a vote of "no confidence" in Leonard's leadership, thus interrupting their work again. You can guess how that vote went, and Leonard fires Sheldon from the group. (Shocking!)In the morning, Sheldon was apparently under the impression that Leonard fired him from everything, including being his roommate and friend. Therefore, he had to get his "bus pants": the extra set of pants Sheldon wore when he rode the bus. Leonard tried to make peace, but Sheldon's attempts at redoing the project were to overtake the Napoleonic complex Leonard was having, according to him. And he can go put on his bus pants.Not to be outdone, Sheldon attempts to usurp Howard and Raj with bribes of coffee mugs and keychains (with laser pointers attached!), but to no avail. He then decides to break out his electonic theremin, which apparently allows Sheldon to make annoying electronic sounds, which he calls being inspired by the theme to Star Trek. Not surprisingly, it interrupts Project Lenwolopalli. They kick him and his theremin out of the apartment.Penny talks to Sheldon, who was wallowing away on his theremin. At first, she suggests helping her build an app that lets you take a photo of someone's shoes to search for more information on them. Sheldon thought that was way beneath him, as was Penny's offer of hot cocoa, since it didn't have marshmallows. But she suggested apologizing in a sarcastic way to make Leonard take him back. Sheldon tries it, and the guys begrudgingly let him back in. And it takes all of three seconds to throw out the entire project and start from scratch. Time to go catalog shoes with Penny.
