Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is puzzled about his third-favorite cartoon theme song: , which is behind  and . After all, there were plenty of things that spiders could do that Spider-Man couldn't, like crawl into someone's ear and die, leave Guatemala without a passport, and have sex with a spider. That really killed the mood, which was OK with Howard (Simon Helberg), since he had to go out to dinner with Bernadette's dad. Obviously bonding would be difficult with his father as it is. But a desperate Howard trying Sheldon's idea of the  theme song was a disaster from the start. Howard was thinking the chicken didn't need to be fully cooked for him to try it out, particularly when he asks Mrs. Rostenkowski () how her trip to the Grand Canyon was and she only said "it was good."Sheldon heads over to Amy's (Mayim Bialik) apartment to attend a funeral for one of her colleagues, but she had a bad case of the flu. He leaves, but Amy reminds him the Relationship Agreement clearly said when one person is sick, the other would take care of them. Sheldon pointed out that it was only in there to get Amy to take care of him when he's sick. But he relented because she was right and he cares about her well being.SHELDON: Now let's get this over with.102.2 is definitely a fever and hadn't gone down in the half-hour since Sheldon last took Amy's temperature. (SHELDON: It's like you're not even trying to get better.) Amy wasn't much for Sheldon's bedside manner, but Sheldon had an idea. Since Amy believed the Placebo Effect was valid, Sheldon gave her a Tic Tac and "claimed" it was a powerful medication that could cure her illness and freshen her breath. Amy wants him to go, but Sheldon insisted on taking care of her, and he still had to apply a cold cloth to her head, sing to her, and apply Vap-o-Rub to her chest.AMY: (perking up at that last one) You...you want to rub something on my chest?SHELDON: (oblivious) Yes. All over it!Amy figured she'd forego the cloth and the singing.SHELDON: Now, you may notice some tingling.AMY: (horny as hell) Oh, I'm counting on it!Howard, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), and her parents settle down for dinner, and Howard was surprisingly subtle when it came to Mr. Rostenkowski () saying Grace. Bernadette asks her father about fishing and he perked up slightly. Not Amy-slightly, mind you, but Bernadette was trying to help Howard by suggesting the two of them go fishing. Mr. Rostenkowski didn't sound too thrilled about it, either, but one stare from the Mrs. and he was on-board with it. Howard tries to get out of it by saying Bernadette and he have "a thing" going on next week, but Bernadette "cancelled it."Howard talks to Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) for advice. Raj figured he just had to practice, like all of the practice Beef Wellingtons he made before inviting them over. They needed someone who has done manly things in their life. Yes, Penny (Kaley Cuoco) knows all about fishing.STEP 1: Worms (BTW, "Ewww..." is not one of the things you want to say in front of your father-in-law. Same with "icky" and "get it away!")Penny tells Howard to pick a worm up and put it on a hook. He only drapes it over the worm. So Sherm the Worm will have to be impaled by the hook. Raj and Leonard encouraged him.PENNY: That's great. Cheerleading. Way to man things up.Amy was feeling a bit better after Sheldon told her a bedtime story. About genetics. But Amy is ready to have her chest rubbed again, but Sheldon was trying to get her to bed and the Vap-o-Rub seemed to get her all fired up. Bernadette stopped by to see how the poor thing was doing. (SHELDON: I'm hanging in there. Thanks for asking.) Bernadette brought some drugs her company was working on (might be a few side effects) while Sheldon drew her a nerve-wracking bath of indeterminate temperature because Amy didn't have a bath thermometer. But it turns out Amy had been fine for two days, using rubber cement to make her look like she had a runny nose. But she was enjoying Sheldon taking care of her so much, she didn't want it to stop.BERNADETTE: I don't mean to be judgey, but this is the kind of thing lunatics do.Amy agreed and was ready to tell Sheldon.SHELDON: Amy, would you be strong enough to bathe yourself or do you need my help?AMY: (to Bernadette) I'll tell him tomorrow. Momma needs a bath.STEP 2: Gutting the fish. Penny demonstrates you have to cut along the belly of the fish, which resulted in a near-vomit for Howard. Then she warned not to cut too deeply or the blood would squirt all over your face, which resulted in a near-vomit for Howard, Leonard, and Raj. Penny couldn't believe the guys could be such wimps, but Leonard said the only father-son time his dad did was with a 2,000 year old skeleton of an Etruscan boy, Raj got bored at his dad's gynecology office to the point where he put vaginal lubricant on his shoes and pretended he was ice skating, and Howard kept looking out the window waiting for his dad to return. (RAJ: Yeah, OK. Howard wins.) But now, as Leonard pointed out, he had a father willing to go fishing with him, so he decided to man up and gut the fish. Now it was time to stick his thumb down the fish's throat and pull out the guts. And he succeeded.PENNY: Oh, look! It's a female! You can see all of the eggs. (Yup, the guys reacted just like you think they did.)Amy was practically giddy. She was Walking on Sunshine, in fact. Seriously, she was playing Katrina and the Waves in her apartment. But the second she heard the door, she was back on the couch and under the covers. Amy thinks she needs another bath. But it turns out, Sheldon took a swab of her cheek while she was sleeping and had it cultured in the lab.SHELDON: Have you developed any of the following symptoms? A growing nose? Or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region? Otherwise known as full-blown LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE!Amy apologized and admitted even though she was sick at first, it felt so good for Sheldon to take care of her, she didn't want it to stop. Sheldon was offended. (SHELDON: I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favor.) But Sheldon thought some sort of punishment was in order so it would never happen again. But using a stockade in the public square probably required a permit.AMY: I could be not invited to see the next Star Trek movie.SHELDON: That seems a bit harsh. You gave in to a human weakness. You didn't kill a man.Sheldon thought it was a tad old school, but his father was not one to spare the rod when his brother snuck into his dad's truck and drank his driving whiskey.AMY: (very interested) Are you saying you want to spank me?SHELDON: It's not like I want to, but you've left me no choice!AMY: That's true. I've been a bad girl.Howard goes to meet up with Mr. Rostenkowski, but his fishing outfit left a lot to be desired. But it turns out Howard should have bought hunting gear, since Mr. Rostenkowski wanted to go shoot some ducks early. ("I have some big shells. Can't eat 'em afterwards, but it's fun watching 'em blow up.") Howard confesses he really wanted to bond with him but he didn't really want to shoot ducks. Plus his fishing vest wasn't returnable if it had duck all over it. Mr. Rostenkowski asked why he agreed to go on the trip in the first place, and Howard admitted Bernadette made him go. Well, Mrs. Rostenkowski made him go, so they were even.HOWARD: Your wife makes you do things? You're a big scary cop!MR. ROSTENKOWSKI: You're an astronaut and your wife makes you do things. And she's only four feet tall.And the two bond over their mutual fear of their wives. But they still had to go away for the weekend. Fortunately, there was a Indian Casino near Palm Springs they could go for the weekend. Howard was a decent enough dice player thanks to his time in temple, so Mike (Howard could call him that now) would teach him.HOWARD: Wow, we've got a couple of ball-busting wives, huh?MIKE: That's my wife and daughter you're talking about.HOWARD: (quickly reversing course) They're great gals.MIKE: I wouldn't go that far.Oh, as for Amy's punishment? Some R&B would do the trick...so the neighbors wouldn't hear. Yeah, that's it.SHELDON: You're not supposed to be enjoying this.AMY: Well, then maybe you should spank me harder.SHELDON: Well, maybe I will! (thwap!)
