Most men would find it quite the turn-on to see a beautiful woman wearing only a shirt dancing to Shania Twain and making French Toast in their kitchen. Since today is oatmeal day, Sheldon is not one of those men. Penny thinks she can shake things up in their apartment. However, though Sheldon does believe in there being an infinite number of universes and thus an infinite number of Sheldons, none of them dance. ("Are you fun in any of them?") Leonard apologizes for not giving Penny Sheldon's schedule, in spite of the fact it's an iCal download she can put in her phone. Sheldon wants to know why they're having their "conjugal visits" in their apartment. It was because they broke the bed in Penny's apartment, which of course goes right past Sheldon's head. He thinks the bed is more than sturdy enough to handle both her and a homunculus like Leonard, which is a perfectly formed miniature human being.PENNY: Awww, you're my little homunculus! So, who wants syrup and who wants cinnamon sugar?SHELDON: I want oatmeal.PENNY: Well, I want a boyfriend who's roommate isn't a giant pain in the ass.SHELDON: I'm sure that will happen soon enough. But I still want oatmeal.Penny gives up on him because Sheldon is impossible. ("I'm improbable!")Sheldon is really trying to fit in with the new Leonard/Penny dynamic. Well, not really, but he'll be more than happy to calculate the odds of the night manager at the Cheesecake Factory and his wife being replaced by people with opposite names. Or perhaps not. As Penny gets up to take her plate to the sink, she asks Sheldon if he is done and cheerfully takes his plate to the sink as well. He offers her a chocolate for doing so. Leonard is wondering what is going on. Sheldon is taking Leonard's advice to be nicer to Penny. However, Leonard is suspicious of Sheldon being nice because...he isn't. This is the time for Lenny and Squiggy to enter...sorry, I mean Howard and Raj. Howard has taken to looking like Dr. Frank-N-Furter, if only his mother would lend him some garters and pantyhose. Howard is apparently rocking the Goth look, as is Raj by his red jacket and Polo shirt. However, you can't knock the tattoos on the arms. Or the tattoo sleeves they found online. He's heading out to have some sex with a hot chick with her "business" pierced, then he can take the sleeves off and still be buried in a Jewish cemetery. Actually, Sheldon would love to go with him. (Bazinga!) They invite Penny and Leonard, but she is more than happy to turn them down on both of their behalf. HOWARD: Yes, she's pushy and he's whipped, but that's not the expression.As Howard and Raj leave to get more eyeliner at Walgreen's, Penny apologizes for almost sitting in Sheldon's spot. At which point he offers her another chocolate, which she graciously accepts.Howard and Raj are trying to blend in, if a vodka and cranberry juice and light beer could be considered blending in. Raj will get to Howard's Wiki-How link on being Goth, after he's done with his John Grisham kick. However, the light beer is the drink of the two ladies next to them, who are actually fooled by Howard's tat-sleeves. Bethany and Sarah Not That Anybody Cares are happy to talk to them. RAJ: Do either of you ladies enjoy the novels of John Grisham?Back at the apartment, "Oshikuru: Demon Samurai" is the cartoon of choice. ("It's anime.") Penny starts to relate a story about Anna Mae Fletcher from her school, but she thinks she might be talking too much and quiets down. This elicits another piece of chocolate from Sheldon. As does taking her phone call out in the hallway. Leonard has had enough.LEONARD: You're using chocolate as a positive reinforcement for what you consider correct behavior.SHELDON: Very good. Chocolate?Leonard is upset that Sheldon is training his girlfriend like a lab rat. But the techniques of Thorndike and B.F. Skinner has Sheldon convinced by next week he can have Penny jumping out of a pool through a hoop and balancing a beach ball on her nose. Leonard doesn't want him to do it. Sheldon is forbidden from using a harmless scientifically proven protocol that would make their lives better."BAD LEONARD!" And Leonard gets the spray bottle.(Ironic they had a commercial for Ghiradelli Chocolates, wouldn't you say?)At the club, Howard and Raj are trying to make themselves sound like they're into all things Goth, like music, magazines, and food."What's Goth Food?" asks Sarah Not That Anybody CaresRAJ: Blackened Salmon?It turns out that the truth would have worked, since both deal with the blackness of space in their jobs. It certainly beat their jobs at The Gap. Bethany and Sarah Not That Anybody Cares have a nice place to take Howard and Raj: the tattoo parlor.Penny is still on the phone, and even Leonard is wondering why she's on so long with someone at the Cheesecake Factory. Sheldon still wants to do positive reinforcement. Or negative reinforcement, which will be much faster. Just a few mild, electric shocks. Leonard is happy with Penny's habits, both good and bad. Except for that high-pitched laugh, which Sheldon reacts to with a lower-pitched conversation, which Penny's voice actually matches. A few more chocolates, and Penny is Barry White.Howard is going to go through with the tattoo. Fortunately, it will be on his butt, so his mother won't see it anymore when he takes his temperature. In spite of Bethany's promise to make it all worthwhile, the needle is too much, and he folds. He admits to the tattoo sleeves, and the ladies depart.Sheldon is heading for bed, but does request Leonard and Penny's "amorous activities" are kept to an acceptable decibel level. She agrees and gets a long-distance chocolate. Penny wants Leonard to assemble her new bed, which he refuses. However, they wouldn't have to stay quiet. That's all it takes, and Sheldon wonders if anybody realizes sex works even better than chocolate in modifying behavior. Hmmmm.....Howard and Raj head home, attempting to make their story sound better. Maybe Bethany and Sarah Not That Anybody Cares could have had two friends. As long as they smelled good, Raj could get with it. On the bright side, maybe the country bar will work out better tomorrow night.
