"Rise and shine, sleepyhead! Half the town is probably dead!"Yup, it's time for Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) quarterly Emergency Preparedness Test, complete with orange construction helmets and an alarm on his mobile phone. But Sheldon's making this one fun: Leonard (Johnny Galecki) can pick any random disaster card from wildfires to a surprise invasion from Canada.LEONARD: Sheldon, Canada is not going to invade California.SHELDON: Really? You think those hippies in Washington and Oregon can stop them?Leonard gives up and picks a card. Oooh, an 8.2 earthquake, which gives Leonard a chance to stand in front of his building like one of the Village People. (a joke Sheldon doesn't get to this day) Leonard drags himself out until he gets knocked down by a theoretical aftershock. (three guesses as to how he ended up on the ground)Howard (Simon Helberg) is stoked because NASA issued the press release of his mission. The astronauts going with him have nicknames, which Raj (Kunal Nayyar) says he needs. Despite Howard insisting the other astronauts have to choose it for him, Raj thinks "Brown Dynamite" works for him. Leonard is barely there, and the guys correctly guessed it was Emergency Preparedness Test time. How did he do?SHELDON: Not only would he die in a fiery inferno, his incessant whining would most certainly spoil everyone else's day.Leonard is too tired to even work, so he tells Sheldon to take the bus to the dentist. But Sheldon can't get home on the bus due to the effects of the anesthesia. (He's a biter.) Sheldon invokes the Roommate Agreement, section 37. (Just under providing a confirmatory sniff on questionable dairy products.) Leonard doesn't care and wants the agreement thrown out. Which is invoking Clause 209. If it means getting sleep, Leonard was on-board. It would revoke their friendship and they'd be only liable for rent, utilities and a perfunctory 'sup in the hallway. Leonard can't sign fast enough.Howard tells the gang he's heading to NASA in Houston next week to work on zero-G elimination drills...or how to poop in space. (RAJ: Maybe your nickname should be Brown Dynamite.) So far, the altered Roommate Agreement is working well for Leonard. Amy? (Mayim Bialik) Not so much. Now she has to take Sheldon to the dentist. Particularly bad because she's in the middle of an addiction study with alcoholic monkeys and they're switching to O'Doul's (non-alcoholic beer).PENNY: Sheldon, that's not what girlfriends are for. Although, you don't use them for what they're for, so what do I know.So Sheldon opens it up to everyone, with a note in his memoirs, You're Welcome, Mankind as the reward. No takers, nor for helping him with his dress shoes, dermatologist, allergist, podiatrist, not even Supercuts. Hang on, Swedish meatballs at Ikea? Nope. OK, now it was time to butter up Stuart at the comic book store. He's moved all the way up to ninth on Sheldon's favorites list. (Pen pal in Somalia was kidnapped by pirates.) And if Stuart takes him to the dentist, he would definitely be on the short list to move up to the eighth spot. But he has to work. (STUART: And, I can't stress this enough, I don't want to take you to the dentist.)Raj was insisting on helping Howard with his nickname. Howard couldn't use "Buzz," because of Buzz Lightyear, of course. (That was Raj, not me.) Crash didn't sound particularly good for the nickname of an astronaut, but then 'Rocket Man' had potential. Raj told Howard to get that song as his ringtone and he would call him in front of the other astronauts. Sheldon returns home, exchanges 'sup's with Leonard, and told everybody he found a dentist with a van, provided also cleaning the teeth of dogs didn't bother him much. Leonard felt guilty and offered to take him. Sheldon asks if he's ready to reinstate the friendship aspects of the Roommate Agreement, but Leonard wants him to admit he's a 30-year-old man who can't function on his own. Sheldon refuses and makes an appointment to get his nails clipped and his hair shampooed.The power goes out in the apartment, although Penny (Kaley Cuoco) is relieved, since she was afraid a Starbucks gift card and some pics of herself in just a bra weren't enough for ConEd. Sheldon breaks out his emergency kit, including glow sticks. But Leonard has his own glow stick, courtesy of Luke Skywalker. Penny offers to take Leonard over to her place for wine and bubble wrap, which trumps Sheldon's offer of a marine-level backup generator and all 61 episodes of Red Dwarf. And Fiddle-Faddle. (I'd be tempted to go with Sheldon on this, but I'm assuming bubble wrap wouldn't be the only thing Leonard gets to play with in Penny's apartment.)SHELDON: Wine and a girl in the dark? He'll be bored out of his mind.Leonard is sad to miss Sheldon's reverse osmosis machine that converts urine into drinking water. Penny wants to make out, only they get interrupted by Sheldon...WHO DIDN'T EVEN KNOCK! (It's a state of emergency; social niceties are out the window.) Sheldon tries to tempt them over with s'mores in exchange of reinstating the Roommate Agreement. Penny's sympathetic to Sheldon, and Leonard caves...provided the bogus teenage makeout session is not over. Leonard goes over there and tells Sheldon he wants to be friends and has no problem driving him places, but he doesn't want to do it because of some agreement they made. Leonard just wants Sheldon to show some appreciation, like saying 'thank you'. Sheldon proposes reinstating the agreement but adding one day a year to celebrate all of Leonard's efforts in Sheldon's life. Like Mother's Day...only no breakfast in bed, he can't sit in Sheldon's spot, and no touching the thermostat. Leonard is ready to agree...until Penny tells them the super found the building's breaker switch turned off.Oh, as for Howard's nickname. The plan is set. NASA astronaut calls Howard over Skype, and Raj 'accidentally' plays Elton John's Rocket Man. (RAJ: They don't make you a knight for writing Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go.) Howard's mother interrupts them by saying Howard's Froot Loops were getting soggy. And guess what Howard's astronaut nickname is?
