No talking to Sheldon (Jim Parsons); he's in the Zone. He doesn't even know how he got to the Cheesecake Factory for dinner with everyone else. But he had been in the zone several times lately, such as figuring electron transport in graphene or who could be in his tree fort if he ever built one. (Amy didn't make the cut for some reason.) Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) finally arrive. Bernadette was late from work because a strain of virus jumped from raccoons and could now affect humans. (BERNADETTE: In the pharmaceutical business, we have a saying: mo' virus, mo' money.) While she washes her hands (which hopefully don't have the virus), Howard has an idea to celebrate the anniversary of his first date with her. He wants to write her a song and asks the for gang's help on it. Everyone thinks it's a great idea and volunteers.Leonard (Johnny Galecki) certainly likes the idea of Howard making a song for Bernadette, and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wonders why Leonard didn't do anything romantic to celebrate their first date. Given how many times she dropped him, there were several to choose from. He then turned the tables on her and asked what romantic things she's done for him.PENNY: (very offended) I can name tons...LEONARD: Sex doesn't count.PENNY: ...oh.But Penny accepts the challenge and promises to "romance Leonard's freakin' ass off." (LEONARD: That's beautiful. Is that Shakespeare?)Sheldon is really in the zone. In fact, he hasn't said a word in hours. Deciding safety was more important than peace and quiet, Leonard asks if he was still there. Sheldon told him to prepare to be humbled and weep at the glory of his genius. (SHELDON: It's like my mind had a baby, and it's beautiful. Not like human babies which are loud and covered in goop.) Sure enough, on Sheldon's whiteboard, he had invented a method for synthesizing a new heavy, stable element.SHELDON: (doing a dance) SHELDON AND HIS BRAIN, YEAH! SHELDON AND HIS BRAIN, YEAH! SHELDON AND HIS BRAIN, YEAH!LEONARD: Nope, definitely better when he was quiet.Howard consults with Leonard and Raj on playing Bernadette's song with him. Leonard will have his cello (although he still can't make that cool) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) will do some shredding on his ukelele. (RAJ: I'll melt her heart...AND HER FACE!) Sheldon was ecstatic; there was a team at a university in China already doing tests on his method. (SHELDON: They called it the greatest thing since the Communist Party. Although I'm pretty sure the Communist Party made them say that.)Penny called Raj to consult with him on how to do something romantic for Leonard. She had really been struggling with it. But Raj knows the quickest way to a man's heart is through his...PENNY: ...pants, but Leonard says sex doesn't count.RAJ: (sympathetic) Poor thing. You have one arrow in your quiver and you just can't use it.Raj suggested cooking a romantic dinner, but Penny wasn't much of a cook and Leonard was a bit of a picky eater. She's managed to burn a few things and leave a few things frozen (sometimes the same thing). He then suggests he always had a thing for dancing, the sexual tension between his partner and him. But his father wouldn't approve until he sees them at the big dance club. (PENNY: So what else would you love, other than being lifted over Patrick Swayze's head?) Raj also suggested she could play one of Leonard's favorite songs on a boombox outside of his window. (Yes, that's from Say Anything... (1989)).RAJ: (embarrassed) I'm a lonely guy, I watch a lot of movies.Sheldon invites Amy (Mayim Bialik) over to start archiving all of the items he was using when he discovered his synthesizing method, since he was certain the Smithsonian would like to put them on display. That includes the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics where he looked up the chemical reactions of...uh-oh. Sheldon realized he made a horrible mistake, confusing square centimeters for square meters. His formulas were off by a factor of 10,000. But the method worked, so he was right...albeit a bit lucky.SHELDON: Sheldon Cooper does not get lucky!AMY: You and me both, brother.Amy thinks it doesn't matter because the element was still found by the Chinese based on his work, but Sheldon can't handle the fact the greatest scientific achievement of his life was based on a blunder. To him, it was almost like being a biologist.Now if you think Sheldon is insufferable when he tries to take credit, you should see him when he is given it when he thinks he doesn't deserve it. Forget the cheering at work, the large government grant the university just received, and don't mention the big raise he got. He wanted to erase it like it didn't exist.LEONARD: I don't think there's anything you can do. Once it's out there, it's out there. This thing is like the scientific equivalent of a sex tape.SHELDON: Frankly, I'd prefer a sex tape.LEONARD: You don't know what a sex tape is, do you.SHELDON: No.The gang arrives the restaurant and even Penny thinks Howard is being so romantic. Leonard teases her about someone doing something so romantic.PENNY: (annoyed) You know what isn't romantic? Rubbing it in someone's face.LEONARD: Actually, it can be but I told you sex doesn't count.Amy actually agrees with Sheldon that he doesn't deserve the credit for the new element. All he did was misread some numbers on a table, and an easy one at that.SHELDON: (touched) That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard.PENNY: Dammit, everybody is better at this than me!Of course, Amy was using a bit of reverse psychology to be invited into the tree fort, but there was a bigger problem right now. Bernadette was quarantined in the hospital. (BERNADETTE: When you're moving a dozen vials of raccoon virus, it's best to make two trips.) It was simply as a precaution, but Howard decided that a sealed room wasn't going to stop his surprise for her. Everybody brings the keyboard to the hospital (Sheldon against his wishes, natch), and he sets up to sing Bernadette the romantic song he wrote for her. (You'll have to YouTube it, but trust me it's worth it.) And Bernadette absolutely loved it.BERNADETTE: (in tears) Howie, that was amazing! Look, I'm shaking!SHELDON: She's sick. I knew it! Bye! (runs away)Back at home, Leonard compliments Penny on her Ramen Noodles. (The secret is the flavor packet, BTW.) But Penny said it was just the beginning, because there was a crapstorm of romance heading his way. She made a trail of rose petals (shocked at how expensive they were), she had even made the bed in her bedroom, and she got Leonard a gift. A first edition of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005). But Penny started to panic, despite what the book says, because she found it at a vintage book store the same day Leonard spotted one, and....yup. He already had it. (People hate to buy DVDs for me for the same reason.) Penny was beside herself because she still couldn't compare to all of the things Leonard did for her, like the plane ticket he bought her when she couldn't afford to fly to see her parents at Christmas, a rose he left on her windshield for no reason, a thank-you letter Leonard gave her for sleeping with him (11 pages). And Leonard couldn't believe she saved all of those things. Yup, it was incredibly romantic.LEONARD: (looks in the box) Is that a pregnancy test?PENNY: Just the first one. I didn't save them all.BTW, Sheldon finally figured out why he read that table wrong: Amy had been distracting him. In fact, she had been distracting him ever since he met her. All he can think about is how much he wants to kiss her. And not on the cheek. On the mouth...like Mommies and Daddies do.SHELDON: (back in reality) Amy, didn't you hear what I said?AMY: Can't talk. In the zone.
