Apparently, Penny (Kaley Cuoco) has gotten VERY good at knowing what Leonard (Johnny Galecki) likes in bed. Trying to calm him down post-coital, she even quotes Yoda. (Seriously! You do NOT let a woman like that go!) She even knew the correct movie! How could Leonard not say "I love you, Penny."? Unless she wasn't ready for it and decides to channel her inner Emily from "Friends" by replying to Leonard's Ross, "Thank you." Now the moment is awkward for both of them, and they decide to not talk about it and get some sleep.As the non-getting any members of the group discuss the potential of giant ants as a cool mode of transportation, possibly cooler than the Batmobile, Leonard is showing that his is in a bit of a funk, not even caring that giant rabbits would make a good mode of transportation, even with their scrotums in front of their penises. Still Leonard couldn't give a rat's ass, not even a giant rat's ass. Sheldon theorizes Leonard's at a sensitive point in his monthly cycle ("He's man-strating?").LEONARD: Could we PLEASE talk about something else? Maybe something vaguely related to life on this planet as we know it?HOWARD: OK, how about this for a topic? Why is Leonard being a giant douche? Assuming giant douches are possible.SHELDON: Of course they are. Leonard being one.Leonard doesn't want to talk about it, but of course Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) do.HOWARD: Did you pour maple syrup all over your body and ask Penny if she was in the mood for a short stack?RAJ: Did you think it would be funny to put on a pair of her panties and jump around but it only ended up creeping her out? I'm just saying...it happens.HOWARD: Did you ask her to start waxing?RAJ: Did YOU start waxing?HOWARD: While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out "Mommy!"?Fortunately, the discussion changes from sex to bowling. (feel the whiplash) Apparently, the gang, including Penny because of her lack of femininity, according to Sheldon, will be taking on Stuart in bowling tonight and his partner....well, the episode IS named after him. Of course, it's Evil Wil Wheaton. He's ready for Shedon's taunts, although he wasn't ready to answer Howard's question about Whoopi Goldberg...and if he ever hit that.As it turns out, Sheldon is a pretty good bowler being the captain of his East Texas Christian Youth Group Holy Roller team (7-12 divison). Certainly he's doing better than Leonard or Penny, who still are having an awkward moment about the "I love you," from the prior night. Penny is upset that Leonard is bringing the topic up at the bowling alley and is pushing her for an answer. She departs, and the team loses its best player.Later that night, Sheldon confronts Penny about what happened. (He's a bit softer with the three knock-Penny cadence, though.) He gives her ice cream, since he figured that's what Penny needed after her fight with Leonard. He had been studying the comic strip "Cathy." ("If you were a cat, I would have brought you a lasagna.") Sheldon cried himself to sleep the previous evening, both because of being forced to forfeit to Stuart and Evil Wil Wheaton and Leonard singing himself to sleep to Alanis Morrisette. He begs Penny to join in a rematch against Stuart and Evil Wil Wheaton. Obviously, this would require Penny to talk to Leonard about their issues, and Sheldon had no plans to leave her alone until she did.Down in the laundry room, Penny tries to talk to Leonard. He admits to overreacting. She confessed saying "I love you" too soon in a relationship and got burned as a result, and he had to admit having a two-year head start on her in their relationship. He says they're cool, and Sheldon is ready to bowl. He was eavesdropping, as there was a lot at stake.Back at the bowling alley, Sheldon presents everyone with their shirts and new team name: The Wesley Crushers. BTW, that's the Wesley Crushers, not the Wesley Crushers...never mind. And apparently, there is a bet going to humiliate the losers in a manner the winners see fit. Sheldon has his paper on expounding the disproved Velikovsky hypotheses ready for Stuart to promote. Of course, Evil Wil Wheaton has a few tricks up his sleeve, such as letting Sheldon bowl before him and then interrupting him so he gets a gutter ball.SHELDON: I so loathe you.EVIL WIL WHEATON: That's right, Sheldon. Embrace the dark side.SHELDON: That's not even from your franchise!Everybody is playing with various success. Howard would prefer that Sheldon not quote Chevy Chase while he was bowling. ("Be the ball, Howard.") But Sheldon is in a groove. ("THANK YOU, JESUS!...as my mother would say.") And it would seem Leonard hasn't let go the "I love you" awkwardness. Making it worse was Evil Wil Wheaton talk to her about not stringing a guy along if she didn't love him. Of course, Sheldon won't permit Evil Wil Wheaton to get into Penny's head. ("He's not above playing the dead meemaw card.") It's up to Penny to win the game for them. Leonard is up in her face to get her to concentrate, and she tells him to back off. He apologizes, clearly wounded, and she feels like hell for doing it.PENNY: I didn't mean 'shut up.'LEONARD: Look, just tell me what to do and then I'll do it.PENNY: (tearing up) No. That's not fair to you, Leonard. I'm sorry. (runs out)SHELDON: No, wait! Penny, come back! I'll buy you ice cream! If she leaves, it's all over.LEONARD: (depressed) I think it already is.SHELDON: (turning to Evil Wil Wheaton) You did this, didn't you!EVIL WIL WHEATON: Do you honestly think I'd break up a couple just to win a bowling match?SHELDON: (humbled) No, of course not.EVIL WIL WHEATON: Good. Keep thinking that.SHELDON: WHEAAAATOOOONNNN!!!Time to collect the bet. The guys come into the comic book store as Batgirl (Howard), Supergirl (Leonard), Wonder Woman (Sheldon), and Catwoman (Raj). But Raj DOES feel empowered.
