It looks like Sheldon has been up all night. That, or he likes to exercise early in the morning. Penny makes the mistake of asking what he's doing. As he is stuck on a problem, he is whips his head and sees the problem on his whiteboard as a fleeting image to engage superior colliculus of his brain. Penny settles for coffee in these situations. He then tries to focus in on each individual aspect of the problem with a pirate's spyglass made of his hands. Leonard suggests a fresh start, and Sheldon is grateful for the idea. He throws the whiteboard out the window and grabs a fresh one.At the cafeteria, Leonard and Raj study the frazzled Sheldon. Howard suggests rebooting him, but Leonard, not having seen Sheldon this confused since "Matrix: Revolutions," is certain it's a firmware problem. Hence Sheldon using butter for deodorant that morning. ("I thought I smelled popcorn!") Raj is having no luck. Howard and Leonard usurp his suggestion for roller skating, and Sheldon takes his lima beans to use as protons in his experiment. Raj can't have his cookie. Leonard donates his peas for electrons, and Howard offers his corn. ("What would I do with corn?") Raj hopes Leonard and Howard fall and break their coccyxes.SHELDON: The plural of coccyx is coccyges.RAJ: Screw you! Give me back my lima beans!Turns out disco skating night was no fun for anybody. Bernadette wasn't sure if the guys' skating was lamer or their disco dancing, although Penny knows that leaving with them was lamest. Love the disco pants on Howard (Emily-Blink182 is drooling right now), and they slowly make it up the stairs, having not broken their coccyxes. ("Coccyges!") Suddenly, Penny is falling for Sheldon. Literally. She slips on the marbles Sheldon laid out on the floor of their apartment, as does Leonard. Sheldon has gone three nights without sleep trying to solve his problem. (The equation. His other problems are a much longer story.) Bernadette appears to be the logical one of the group, as she tells Sheldon in no uncertain terms to go to bed. Apparently, her mom used to run an illegal daycare center in their basement.Leonard gets a call in the middle of the night, although the Joker ringtone on his phone creeps Penny out. ("It cost three dollars.") He has to retrieve Sheldon from an indoor playground because the sleep-deprived Sheldon is using the ball pit to separate neurons, protons, and electrons. Sheldon, naturally, will not go quietly, and Leonard has to pull him out...as soon as Sheldon comes up for air from under all of the balls.Sheldon finally has the solution and must tell Leonard and Penny. While they are sleeping. With his infamous three knock-Leonard&Penny-three knock cadence. Actually, he doesn't have the solution, but he does have a way to get it: find a menial job, just like when Einstein did his best thinking as a patent clerk. After a not-so-successful go of it at the employment office, he determines that the three most mind-numbing jobs available are: tollbooth attendant, Apple Store Genius, and what Penny does. Although Sheldon made a mistake. He's a busboy, not a waitress. He fixes this instantly by serving the customers. After all, he didn't need to be hired since he's not being paid. Nor does he recommend the salmon. Of course, the guys have to take advantage of the situation. Leonard orders his favorite: the factory burrito grande.LEONARD (SHELDON): Black beans, not pinto beans? (Yes) Double guacamole? (Of course) Lettuce shredded, not chopped? (Yes) You understand why I'm doing this? (I do.) That will be all.Apparently, they were tired of waiting for Penny to take their order, although she didn't drop an entire tray of dishes. But something startling happens: Sheldon discovers the pattern to solve his problem! He's done being a waitress. He also isn't cleaning up the broken plates, since he doesn't work there.But things get back to normal. Normal being that Disco Howard finally takes Disco Raj for their couples' skate and Leonard goes back to chasing Sheldon in the ball pit.
