The advantage of having female friends, according to Amy (Mayim Bialik), is being able to engage in ligh chitchat while going to the bathroom. Unless you have a shy bladder, like Penny (Kaley Cuoco). Still, less awkward than talking to complete strangers while evacuating. Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) tells the ladies Priya (Aarti Mann) invited Howard (Simon Helberg) and her to have a couples' dinner with Leonard (Johnny Galecki). Penny has no problem with it, but Amy very much has a problem (and a problem with it).AMY: Priya is testing Bernadette's loyalty to you and the group. That bitch is crafty.Amy theorizes Bernadette, because of her trusting nature, strawberry-smelling hair, and teeny, tiny body, is the weakest wildebeest, and Priya is the cheetah who will attack her. Amy's solution: be a double-agent. Gather intel about Leonard and Priya and feed them misinformation. Bernadette isn't good at lying, but Amy will teach her. ("I did Cub Scouts for two years until they found out I was a girl.") She even goes so far as suggesting Bernadette hide a listening device in her ample bosom.BERNADETTE: I don't want anything in my ample bosom!AMY: Come on, Strawberries. Take one for the team.At the apartment, Leonard was heading out but was actually impressed by Sheldon (Jim Parsons) crunching the numbers to make a three-person chess game. ("Five words: transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation.") And now there will be two additional chess pieces: a serpent to poison other pieces, and the old woman to suck out the poison. Leonard will look forward to playing with Sheldon.SHELDON: (surprised) ...and a third person! I must say, Leonard, ever since you started having regular intercourse, your mind has lost its keen edge. You should reflect on that.LEONARD: Excuse me, but Einstein had a pretty busy sex life.SHELDON: Yes, and he never unified gravity with the other forces! If he hadn't been such a hound dog, we'd all have time machines!Leonard thought Sheldon was getting worse...until Amy came up the stairs in new high-heel shoes, as they were designed to make the buttocks and breasts more prominent. (which Amy demonstrates...sort of) She wishes Leonard good luck on his dinner with Priya, Howard, and Bernadette. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) won't be tagging along, as he didn't have a date, or any life to speak of. (Holy crap, the guy is starting to sound like me...although he has a job that pays well.) Bernadette texts from the date that they arrived, and Amy texts back that Operation Priya-Wouldn't Wanna Be Ya is underway. Penny, still annoyed by Amy's work, is wondering why Amy didn't have enough of that clique crap in high school. Amy didn't have any friends and always ate lunch with the janitor...until the janitor's wife called her a puta and made her stop. Bernadette texts that Priya made a snide comment about Penny's acting career ("that bitch!"), and now Penny goes on offense, having Amy text Bernadette to tell Priya she's shooting a movie in Prague with . Even Leonard is surprised Penny didn't tell him, which prompts Priya to wonder why Leonard is surprised Penny didn't tell him. And a follow-up text that Penny was dating an astronaut didn't make Leonard feel any less awkward. That was a LOT of spaghetti Priya had twirled on her fork.Raj, having been kicked out of his own apartment for the dinner party, asks Sheldon for a hug, but he has company...the two people playing three-person chess with him. (Nowhere to be found, natch.) But Raj was feeling blue because he was lonely. Only blue is for depression, so they settle on orange for loneliness. Raj was upset because he was turning 30 and had no one in his life. A friend of his in the Sociology department gave him experimental pills for Social Anxiety Disorder.RAJ: I'm afraid if I take this, I'll lose that unique, special something that makes me so successful in my field.SHELDON: (thoughtful pause) Rajesh, I've had the privilege of working alongside you for many years. My advice to you is to gobble these up like Tic-Tacs.Over a rousing game of Jenga, Howard asks Bernadette about Penny meeting an astronaut, as the majority of them are found in Texas. But Bernadette wants him to ixnay on the estionsquay. Her cover is being blown quickly. And then Leonard asking about Penny's movie taking place in 18th century Vienna with an astronaut as a consultant throws our very Catholic Bernadette over the edge. She ducks into the bathroom to consult with Amy and Penny. Amy suggested changing the subject, and Bernadette thinks they can talk about Leonard going to India to meet Priya's parents. Whoah! Penny was going crazy, and Bernadette was too busy talking about the astronaut...which was supposed to be architect. ("AutoCorrect must have changed it.") Penny demanded Bernadette get more info on Leonard going to India, and Bernadette was freaking out.Raj and Sheldon walked to a nearby coffee shop to test the effects of the drug. Raj walks up to a woman...and is able to tell her she is very beautiful. Raj sits down with her, and she thinks he's cute. That is, until he takes off his shirt. Suddenly, not so cute. ("I'm just getting comfortable.") And he gets even more comfortable by taking off his pants. Angela runs. ("Where is she going? She never got to see my penis!") Although the rest of the coffee shop did.Bernadette was a bit more successful finding out Priya isn't even contemplating getting engaged to Leonard at this point, and Bernadette must use the bathroom again to text. Priya asks what's going on, and Bernadette can't take the lying anymore and runs out. On the good side, Sheldon has his chess game figured out...and promptly loses to Leonard.
