Things weren't going well with Raj's (Kunal Nayyar) parents. His father was in town while his mother was cleaning out his bank account. On the good side, he didn't spend 20 hours on the flight praying for it to crash. Still, Raj wasn't up for hosting his themed Christmas party. Luckily, Amy (Mayim Bialik) wanted to step in and host a Victorian Christmas party, including parlor games, goose, and fig pudding. Which Sheldon (Jim Parsons) immediately crapped on. As if accusing She-Hulk of being an affirmative action hire at her law firm wasn't enough. Despite Sheldon's aversion to "a cake with raisins in it," Amy insisted on it.RAJ: Amy, good luck on getting these guys excited about a theme. I gave up when no one cared about my Tom Hanks-giving.Actually, everybody else was on-board with Amy's idea. (RAJ: You guys SUCK!)Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Howard (Simon Helberg) had work to do in the clean room at the university. Good news for Leonard: no allergies. Bad news for Leonard: too much oxygen. They were building their own multi-wire detectors to detect cosmic particles rather than having to rely on an array of Cherenkov telescopes to do the job. Of course, now you have to worry about remembering to close the door to the loading dock. Otherwise a pigeon might get inside. Just like the one that flew in. Obviously it was disaster waiting to happen since the room wasn't supposed to have any dust and they just let in a "flying crap machine." Leonard thought they would have to call Building Services but Howard didn't want them getting in trouble for compromising all of the equipment. He suggested turning off all the lights except one so the pigeon would fly to it, which was the dumbest idea Leonard had ever heard. Howard demanded he not yell so he could come up with better ideas. Like turning off all the lights except one so the pigeon would fly to it.Still, this was better than what Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Amy had to endure being left alone with Raj's father (who left them there to go help Leonard and Howard...happily). Dr. Koothrappali saw Penny's engagement ring and wanted to tell her a story. Thankfully, he didn't. Meanwhile, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) drove Sheldon over to Amy's and was in full voice with the Christmas music. Which, naturally, drove Sheldon up a wall.SHELDON: In the last ten minutes, Santa came to town, kissed Mommy, and ran Grandma over with a reindeer. I had a drunk uncle who did all those things and nobody sings songs about him.BERNADETTE: Well, maybe it would help if you thought of Santa as a superhero whose power is bringing joy to all the children.SHELDON: My uncle did that, too. It turned out to be legal in Oklahoma.Needless to say, Sheldon wasn't looking forward to the dinner. Bernadette wanted to know what he got Amy and he said they agreed not to exchange gifts this year. Bernadette was surprised and told him he had to get Amy something. Turns out Sheldon was already upset with her for not only forcing him to attend the dinner but she also kissed him under some mistletoe at a Christmas tree lot. (SHELDON: Like we were the stars of a Tijuana sex show.) Sheldon thought he needed to teach her a lesson: like buy her a gift. He figured if he got her the nicest, most thoughtful gift imaginable, she would feel horrible about not getting him a gift. (SHELDON: So stay on my good side or I'll get you a present.)Howard came back with a bag and a Slim Jim, thinking he could place the Slim Jim in the bag and the pigeon would go for it. Leonard agreed...if the pigeon was stoned or a trucker. Howard was getting quite offended not only with Leonard shooting down his plans but with Leonard's constant assumption that Howard was responsible for contaminating the clean room. But Leonard said he did this all the time and tried to cover it up, like with the Mars Rover, lost Raj's dog, or almost drove off with a baby. Which, for the record, never cried until the mother punched Howard in the gut. Raj arrives, and Leonard angrily grabs the Slim Jim and explains Howard's "brilliant" plan. Which was actually quite brilliant, since the pigeon grabbed the Slim Jim out of Leonard's hand and flew back to its out-of-reach perch.RAJ: Should have put it in the bag first.Penny tried to keep up a conversation with Dr. Koothrappali, but he wasn't much for talking, unless she knew someone he could go out with. Fortunately (or unfortunately), Amy wanted to play one of her Victorian games called Ball of Wool. Basically, it involved a ball of wool. (Didn't see that coming, did ya.) Guests on opposite ends of the table would try to blow the ball of wool past their opponent. Dr. Koothrappali obliged her, and Amy was nice enough to let him win, although to Penny, it looked like the world's worst tennis match. Meanwhile, Sheldon and Bernadette stopped at the mall to find Amy a gift to make her feel guilty. Bernadette suggested a gift that proved how much Sheldon knew Amy, since those were always the nicest gifts she got from Howard.SHELDON: (thinks about it) She loves mediveal literature, Chaucer's her favorite. Her eyes sparkle when she watched old French movies. I enjoy how harp music causes her fingers to dance like she's playing along.BERNADETTE: (touched) Wow, you really do love her.SHELDON: I do. Now let's find the kind of gift that makes her feel small and worthless.Turns out, all Sheldon had to do was sit on Santa's lap.SANTA: Let me see if I've got this straight. A picture of you on my lap is a way of punishing your girlfriend for making you celebrate Christmas?SHELDON: Correct.SANTA: Santa thinks dating you is punishment enough.SHELDON: There's an argument for that, but I want to make sure.The pigeon was still there, but Raj had grown tired of Leonard and Howard being at each other's throats. He had to hear his parents argue already, so he put an end to the two of them doing so as well. They readied a fire extinguisher and a blanket to capture the pigeon. Howard insisted on working the fire extinguisher to prove he wasn't incompetent. And he fired away...right after he remembered to remove the pin. And it worked...way too well. The pigeon fell to the ground and stopped breathing. Howard was panicking because this was the second bird he killed, the first a bluejay when he was ten and tried to jumpstart with electricity like the dog from There's Something About Mary (1998). (HOWARD: The worst part was it smelled delicious.) Fortunately, Leonard found a document online that showed how to revive a bird, and a big whiff of Slim Jim into Howard's mouth later, the bird was revived. They took the pigeon to the door and released him to the outdoors...and watched a crow fly in and perch. Howard caved and agreed to call Building Services, seeing as how they'd HAVE to decontaminate the room now. Penny called Leonard to get an update and he explained they were going to get in a lot of trouble because their names were on the sign-in sheet for the clean room. Penny suggested they take their names off the sheet...and a Merry Christmas was had by all.Back at Amy's apartment, everyone really enjoyed the dinner she made. Even Sheldon found the raisin cake (aka fig pudding) tolerable, particularly when he found out those were figs and not raisins. He was ready to ruin Amy's evening and handed her the gift. It was an electronic frame with a picture of him sitting on Santa's lap which played him saying "Happy Holidays to my dear Amy. I hope you treasure this as much as I treasure you." (SHELDON: Christmas is ruined! Let's never speak of it again! This was fun.) But it turns out Amy DID get Sheldon something: a box of homemade Christmas cookies. And she used Meemaw's recipes.SHELDON: (emotional) They're perfect. It tastes like her hugs. I can't believe this. You're happy, I'm happy. Maybe a holiday that's all about giving isn't so (Raj reaches for one) Get your hands out of that box!Sheldon may want to take back his new feelings about the holiday, given the next parlor game was called Hot Boiled Beans.RAJ: If you people think this is better than Tom Hanks-giving, you're crazy.Happy Holidays, and we'll see you in 2015!
