Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Amy (Mayim Bialik) were having a lot of fun skiing using the X-Box. Yes, you read that right. Penny had to step in for Leonard, who twisted his ankle. (LEONARD: I cannot walk into that ER with another videogame injury.) Sheldon (Jim Parsons) didn't feel like playing because he had to go to Texas. His sister was about to have a baby and he had to be there. Everyone thought it was so cool they'd be hearing the phrase Uncle Sheldon soon. (SHELDON: I will be Uncle Dr. Cooper.) He had to fill in for her husband, who was in a motorcycle accident...lucky duck. Amy offered to drive him to the airport, but he didn't want to be an inconvenience.SHELDON: Chop chop, Leonard! We leave in ten minutes.With Sheldon gone, they could decorate the tree any way they wanted. No ornament spacing template, and Star Trek and Star Wars ornaments could even go on the same branch. (LEONARD: Welcome to Thunderdome, people!) Howard (Simon Helberg) never decorated a Christmas tree before, and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thought Howard's mother would have a heart attack if she saw her little Bar Mitzvah boy decorating one. Naturally, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) has to send her a picture. Stuart (Kevin Sussman) also came to enjoy the fun with everyone, or avoid his traditional Christmas suicide attempt, it could go either way. Sheldon called on Skype to say hi.SHELDON: The second I go out of town, you throw a Christmas party without me? That's so thoughtful. You guys are the best.Unfortunately, Missy's birth had a few...changes. For starters, she was having it in her mom's house. Raj thought it wasn't a bad idea to have a birth in a safe, nuturing environment. Which Sheldon agreed to...until the bedroom floor was turned into an amniotic slip-n-slide. As Sheldon went to take a family picture (mostly before the blood messed up the shot), Bernadette brought It's a Wonderful Life (1946) for everyone to watch. Penny wondered what it would have been like if Sheldon hadn't been born.LEONARD: (knock-knock-knock) What do you think? (knock-knock-knock) What do you think? (knock-knock-knock) What do you think?But Amy pointed out had it not been for Sheldon, all of them would not be hanging out together or even dating.AMY: None of you would have met me. You (Howard) would not be dating Bernadette. You (Leonard) would not be dating Penny...Which Leonard (Johnny Galecki) denied because he had been going to the Cheesecake Factory before Sheldon and could have picked Penny up. After all the laughter died down, Penny told him exactly how that would have gone...Leonard, Raj, and Howard were sitting at the same table and Leonard kept staring at Penny across the restaurant.LEONARD: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna ask her out.HOWARD: And I'm going to squirt chocolate milk out of my nipples. Sorry, I thought we were saying things that were never going to happen.But Leonard was determined...and then Penny came over and he turned into a babbling idiot. He then got it together and went to ask her if she wanted to...tell him where the bathroom was.PENNY: (looking down) I think you're too late. LEONARD: (mad) Come on! I would not have peed my pants. (nobody agreed)Leonard pointed out he asked Penny out in real life, but Amy correctly stated that was due to Sheldon. Same with Howard and Bernadette never meeting without Sheldon. Naturally, Howard thought he could have gotten a date with Bernadette because she worked at the Cheesecake Factory and he was working his Beefcake Factory. So we go to Bernadette for the real story...Bernadette observes Howard and Raj at the Cheesecake Factory. She thinks Howard is cute and was ready to go talk to him. Until...RAJ: Open wide, here comes the happy train!HOWARD: Chugga, chugga, yum, yum!Yes, he was feeding Howard cheesecake. And wiped Howard's mouth off with a napkin.BERNADETTE: Never mind.RAJ: Oh, man! That is so us!Leonard decided to swing back, telling Penny the type of guy she'd still be into if not for him...Penny is at her apartment. Enter her boyfriend...Zack (Brian Thomas Smith)!PENNY: Did you remember to pay the rent?ZACK: Even better. I bought these magic beans!PENNY: OK, he's not smart. At least he wouldn't have peed himself.LEONARD: I wasn't done yet...ZACK: Aw, man! I peed myself!PENNY: Me too!Sheldon calls back and is more sickly than he usually looked because he saw things...lady things. (AMY: That is not the way they usually look.) Sheldon couldn't handle the "dirty magic show," but he had little choice but to go get the mop.SHELDON: I've got 2 PhD's and yet somehow I'm the janitor of my sister's birth canal!But he did manage to send everyone a Christmas email from Texas, complete with pictures of...LEONARD: Don't open them, DO NOT OPEN THEM!PENNY: Come on, childbirth is a natural...aagh! It's like someone sawed a cow in half!RAJ: Please, my father's a gynecologist, I think I can handle it.....and now I'm gay.Bernadette correctly pointed out that even if they hadn't met Sheldon, Penny would still live across from them. And Amy knew what that meant...In the laundry room, Sheldon was washing his clothes and Penny came in...wearing very short shorts and a tight top.PENNY: (sexy voice) Hey Sheldon. Doin' laundry?Apparently, Penny goes all Valley Girl (1983) in Amy's mind. And has to do her laundry because her clothes were so dirty. (PENNY: Almost as dirty as the dirty girl wearing them.)Penny wants Amy to stop; the guys want her to keep going. So...Penny's down to her bra and shorts. And Sheldon thinks they're a tad asymmetrical but nothing to worry about. Penny throws herself at him, literally, but Sheldon wasn't having it.SHELDON: Penny, for the thousandth time, I'm saving myself for someone special. Perhaps a cute, bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud. (This is Amy's fantasy, remember?)Penny goes in for the kiss...And the guys call TMI. Except for Stuart, who was OK with it. Sheldon calls and took advantage of his mother ordering him to get towels to get out of the house and go to Bed, Bath, and Beyond.SHELDON: (Missy screams) Excuse me, I'm on the phone! So rude...Bernadette wondered why Leonard, Raj, and Howard never got an apartment. Howard lived with his mother...to save money. Yeah, that's the ticket. (RAJ: Yeah, you didn't have to buy groceries because you were breastfeeding.) Bernadette figured Howard would still be living with his mother if not for her, but Howard didn't think that would happen...exactly.HOWARD'S MOTHER: HOWARD, WHERE'S MY LUNCH? I'M STARVING!HOWARD: I know you're starving, the whole neighborhood knows you're starving, there are starving people in Africa WHO KNOW YOU'RE STARVING!!!BERNADETTE: Wait, how is this different?HOWARD'S MOTHER: You're a good boy, Howard. Such a good boy!Only it was Howard saying those words and his mother was DEAD!AMY: Wait, did she die or did you kill her?HOWARD: To-may-to, to-mah-to...And the reason why it was a good thing Leonard and Raj didn't move in together...RAJ: Come on, Leonard. Dinner!And a really, REALLY fat Leonard (sadly, still thinner than me) gets up and goes to the table for the feast. Raj figured Leonard would be depressed over not having a girl, and he enabled people with food. Of course, he didn't have a girl, either, so now he was fat. As was Stuart, who decided to pop in...STUART: (depressed) I..just wanted to be in anyone's story.RAJ: But why are you fat?STUART: Well, Leonard was fat, and...Penny asked Amy what she thought her life would be like without Sheldon. Um....AMY: (holding up a cupcake with a single candle) Happy Birthday to me...Happy Birthday to me...there's tears in the frosting...(waterworks) Happy Birthday to me... (and Stuart wails on a party favor!)STUART: (ashamed) I'll stop now.Sheldon called again. He was an uncle of a baby boy. He was exhausted and his mother gave him some ice chips. (SHELDON: But I figured if I could make it through the Green Lantern (2011) movie, I could make it through this!) They tell him to go be with his nephew, but Sheldon's finding him very annoying. He's been crying his whole life...literally. (HOWARD: Awww, he's taking after Uncle Shelly!) But Amy told him to get back in there because Sheldon always complained he never had an intelligent role model growing up and now he could be one for his nephew. The gang is impressed at how Amy was able to convince Sheldon to go back to his nephew, but Amy figured she hadn't really made an impact on Sheldon's life. Leonard shows her something: she's the screensaver on Sheldon's laptop. Which warmed Amy's heart. (AMY: He is so into me!) And then the screensaver switched to Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, and Spider-Man. But she was in the mix and that was good enough for her. So much so, she couldn't help smiling at him all the way up the stairs on his return.AMY: I missed you.SHELDON: To quote Han Solo, I know. I would have preferred you there with me. Or instead of me.Leonard makes another attempt at asking Penny out at the Cheesecake Factory, but the guys were all fat and she already has a boyfriend who just walked in wearing a sharp suit and sunglasses. It was...Stuart! And she kissed him!Yup, Stuart wasn't done with the Christmas fantasies. Happy Holidays from The Big Bang Theory!
