Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) have decided to have the entire gang over for dinner, and Howard is actually cleaning. The guy's definition of cleaning, which is to throw everything in the closet. Over Bernadette's protests, naturally. (HOWARD: Hey, you can tell me what to do or tell me how to do it, but not both. This isn't sex.) Actually, a great idea would be to show the closet to Sheldon and have him rearrange everything. (HOWARD: Everything in his apartment has a label on it. Even his label maker has a label on it that says 'label maker'.) Bernadette thought that was crazy until Sheldon brought his own food over to the dinner party. (BERNADETTE: Show him the closet!)Yes, like a four-year-old at a grown-up's party, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) spent the whole night playing. Even Amy (Mayim Bialik) had no problem with this. (AMY: The other day, he spent an hour at Whole Foods optimizing the cheese aisle. His quirks just make you love him more! Someone please agree with me.) He even wanted five more minutes to continue cleaning and reorganizing when it was time to go...after Leonard had already told him five more minutes. Howard offered to drive him home, and Leonard was happy with that deal. During his reorganization, Sheldon opened a letter he found from Howard's father, who had left Howard when he was eleven. Howard was upset he did that, but Sheldon didn't know if it was supposed to be filed under personal correspondence or memorabilia. He didn't want to know what was in the letter, although he did let Sheldon keep a box of shirt buttons to sort on the ride home.As Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) decide to have a dress-up party for their friends (PENNY: Just when you say dressed up, you mean nice clothes and not capes and tights and crap.), Howard stayed up during the night wondering about what was in the letter his father sent to him when he was eighteen. After mulling it over and talking to Bernadette about it, he felt his father didn't deserve a chance to apologize or explain himself. He burned the letter. And set off the smoke detector. (HOWARD: And neither of us is tall enough to reach that.) Bernadette went to talk to Amy and Penny about it the next day, seeing as how Howard was already freaked out by wearing her pants to work. (BERNADETTE: I don't know why he was upset; they were bigger on him than me.) She really needed to know what was in that letter, and Amy pointed out they could ask Sheldon.BERNADETTE: What kind of wife would I be if I didn't respect my husband's privacy?PENNY: What if I asked him and you just happened to be in the room?BERNADETTE: (thrilled) That works!They go down to the laundry, where Sheldon is cleaning out the lint traps from the dryers. (SHELDON: It's like I'm cleaning out the entire building's belly button.) The ladies arrive and Amy tells Sheldon he has something they want. (SHELDON: My mother warned me this is what happens to pretty boys in the big city.) They told him they wanted to know what was in the letter, but he was bound by the closet organizer-organizee confidentiality agreement. Penny protested it was Bernadette's closet, too, so she has the right to know what was in the letter.SHELDON: Are you pointing out that California is a community property state, and since Howard and Bernadette are married, the intellectual property contained in that letter is jointly owned by the two spouses?PENNY: (totally lost) Yeah, obviously.SHELDON: Well played. You know, sometimes I don't give you enough credit, Penny.So now four out of the six know what was in the letter to Howard's father. How did Leonard and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) find out? Raj wanted to plan Leonard and Penny's dinner party, but turn-of-the-century Moulin Rouge! (2001) was a bit over-the-top for Leonard's tastes.LEONARD: I'm thinking you need a testosterone patch. Penny and I just want something low-key. Cocktails, some light jazz music, hors d'oeuvres.RAJ: So, your theme is "I saw an episode of Mad Men (2007) and bought some crab puffs from Trader Joe's"?Sheldon came back from the laundry and told them about revealing confidential information about Howard's father, which he wasn't going to reveal to them.SHELDON: Badgering me won't work. What you should have said is it's pointless to keep this a secret because Penny would tell us.LEONARD: OK, then that.SHELDON: All right, I'll tell you. My goodness, everybody is on their game today.At Leonard and Penny's party, everyone agreed before Howard arrived to not make any mention of his father. However, on the way up the stairs...which Howard suffered as much as Bernadette thanks to his Cuban heels...Bernadette admitted to him she knew what was in the letter. He bursts through the door and is ready to attack Sheldon, who used Amy as a human shield. (SHELDON: I panicked! He looked taller than usual!) Everyone admitted they made Sheldon reveal it. Except Raj.RAJ: Shame on all of you!LEONARD: You know, too.RAJ: Couldn't leave him one friend, could you.Howard was upset and Bernadette apolgized. They offered to tell him, but he flat-out refused. He left the party and went home. Bernadette went home to find him looking at pictures of his father. (HOWARD: I have to tell you, as angry as I am with Sheldon blabbing, he did a HELLUVA job organizing this closet!) Bernadette had an idea. She brought the entire gang over and each offered to say what was in the letter. Sheldon said they could create a way of knowing and not knowing based on a macroscopic example of quantum superposition; that a physical system exists partially in all its possible states at once. (PENNY: We were all thinking it, really. Sort of the elephant in the room.) Hence, only one story would be the truth, but Howard was free to believe whichever story he wanted. (SHELDON: Hence you would be in a state of epistemic ambivalence.) Howard accepted that.RAJ: It was a card for your 18th Birthday. Inside it said "Happy Birthday, Howard. I love you, Dad." Oh, and it was a Far Side comic, the one where the frog has his tongue stuck to the underside of an airplane. Thinks it's a fly?SHELDON: It was a map leading to the treasure of the famous pirate One-Eye Willie.HOWARD: Nice try, that's the plot from The Goonies (1985).AMY: You didn't know it, but your father was in the auditorium at your high school graduation, and he cried because he was so proud of you.PENNY: It was a letter explaining your dad wasn't who he said he was. Eventually, his other life caught up to him, and the only way to keep you and your mom safe was to leave.LEONARD: Your dad wrote about how family is the most important thing, and that you should never throw it away like he did.BERNADETTE: Inside the envelope was a picture of your father holding you the day you were born. On the back he wrote "Howard, my son, my greatest gift."Everybody is curious to know which story he thinks is correct, but Howard hopes all of them are correct. Penny suggests they continue the dinner party and they head back to Leonard's apartment. Although Sheldon did read some rather saucy passages from Bernadette's diary, which was also in the closet. Sheldon assured her those secrets were safe with him.SHELDON: (aside to Howard) Although copyright laws would allow me to quote snippets of it in the form of a review.And as everybody enjoyed the party, Sheldon enjoyed reorganizing Penny's closet. He even found a dead goldfish that she forgot to feed. He also figured she had a dog, based on the battery-operated chew toy he found.PENNY: (shoving him out the door) Party's over! Party's over!
