Mixing up the couples this week, Leonard, Howard, and Raj are out in the desert observing the Leonid Meteor Shower. Raj just needs to program the correct coordinates into the computer, and a few adjustments by Howard, and...free HBO. ("Real Sex. Wow.") It's either that, or they can watch Dune on the East feed of HBO. While it is a beautiful desert, Real Sex trumps out. They have to admit, it wasn't the same without Sheldon being there. (BAZINGA!) Sheldon is back home, entering into his log that he has to complete his paper on Decays of Highly-Excited Massive String States. He does miss the warmth of human companionship. (BAZINGA!)There are some disadvantages to being on your own, however. Sheldon can't order 1/4 of the appetizer plate, and the Golden Treasure for Two really is meant for two. There is also nobody around to assist Penny when she screams for help from across the hall. Sheldon finds her in the bathroom...after knocking on her apartment door, then her bedroom door. (She stops him before he knocks on the bathroom door.) She slipped in the shower and dislocated her shoulder. Apparently she did not have enough adhesive duck stickers on the floor of the tub to prevent slipping, as Sheldon has in his bathroom. They even have umbrellas. They're whimsical. She needs him to drive. He can't drive. Hence there is an impasse. She doesn't want to wait for a taxi or an ambulance, so never let it be said that Sheldon Lee Cooper (oh, like you're totally shocked by his middle name) ignored the pleas of a damsel in distress.SHELDON: It seems ironic for a lack of 99 cent adhesive ducks, we might die in fiery car crash.In the desert, Howard is trolling for ladies for him and Raj. Unfortunately, the only females of legal age are a couple of 50-something middle school teachers. Give them credit. They gave Howard a batch of cookies to share with the guys. They had such a nice VW microbus and tie-dye Grateful Dead t-shirts, too. (Hey, it beats when someone brought brownies to our school laced with Ex-Lax. Deal with it!)Sheldon manages to get Penny to her room, and now she needs him to help her get dressed. It would be easier if Sheldon had more fashion sense. But he finds suitable attire for her and closes his eyes while holding out the shirt for her to slip on. She needs his help putting her injured right arm through the sleeve. Apparently, that would have been a good time to open his eyes because he accidentally grabs something slightly inside of her right arm. (And guys around the country are muttering "lucky bastard" right now.) In the desert, (you can't remember your name, 'cause there ain't nobody...sorry) the guys are feeling no pain. The meteors are on their way. But Raj points out, the meteors aren't moving; the Earth is moving towards them.LEONARD: I can feel it! I can feel the Earth moving! It's moving too fast! Raj! Slow it down! (Thankfully, Raj can slow down the Earth's speed in this condition.) Raj loves it, because everything Leonard says with his American accent makes him sound stupid. Penny probably could use a cookie right now. Or perhaps to have Mel Gibson show her how to pop her shoulder back in place like he did in the "Lethal Weapon" movies, as Sheldon spends way too much time adjusting the side mirrors, fixing the seat, and panicking over the "check engine" light in Penny's car. Naturally, he drives slow enough to drive Miss Daisy to get Penny to the hospital. She wants Mr. Spock to give her warp speed, but clearly Mr. Spock would never do that and would immediately pull the Enterprise over if he saw the "check engine" light on. At a stop light, which Sheldon nails, he wonders why Penny has the Chinese character for soup on her right buttock. She thinks it's for "courage", but Sheldon does admit it takes courage to tattoo the symbol for soup on your butt. Apparently, the hero always peeks.Back in the desert, Raj contemplates being able to communicate with rabbits and rule them, Leonard realizes his name has "nerd" in it (the pronunciation, anyway), and Howard lost his virginity to his cousin, Jeanie. Raj would be kind to his subjects (at first), Leonard wants to be known as Angelo because it has "angel" and "jello" in it, and Howard will forever not look at pickled herring without getting horny ever again. And then...the munchies hit. Howard goes through all the pudding cups, and Raj uses the Slim Jims to scoop out the pudding in his. ("Sweety and meaty at the same time!") All that is left are blue ice packs, which look like big yummy Otter Pops!At the hospital, Sheldon fills out Penny's medical form. She is not diabetic, have kidney disease, but migraines are a big yes. She's not pregnant ("Are you sure? You look a bit puffy."), no skin lesions (apart from a soup tattoo), and is not having her menustral period. (Could have fooled Sheldon.) PENNY: Sheldon, I'm scared and in a lot of pain. Could you take a break from being you for a minute and be...I don't know...comforting?(YouTube the clip. I can't give his reaction justice in this synopsis.)The guys are starting to relive scenes from "Lord of the Flies" because of the munchies when Howard saves the day. Mom sent an "I love you" care package of a brisket. No forks or knives needed, it melts in your mouth. The potatoes and carrots that accompany it are so good, they forget why they are there. Fortunately, the meteor shower taking place behind them gives us a gentle reminder.Sheldon gets Penny home, although she could have floated home from all of the pain medication she was on. She wants him to take her to bed (first time that phrase was ever uttered!) and sing the Soft Kitty song to her. He protests, saying the song is for when one is sick. But she is injured and drugged, and that should count. He is ready to go ballistic when she decides the song should be sung "in the round". However, the "nice person" persona he has under his annoying surface comes up, and they enjoy a lovely melody together. That is certainly nicer than Howard's night, who gets reminded constantly by Leonard and Raj about sleeping with his cousin.
