Leonard (Johnny Galecki) prepares for his long-distance dinner date with Priya over Skype, and naturally Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has to point out everything that was wrong with it, such as Priya would be having breakfast, Leonard's paraffin candles had carcinogens, and Leonard could very well spend his time better by developing a hobby, like giving the guy in Kansas with the ball of twine a run for his money. Leonard wants to know what the difference was between him talking to Priya and Sheldon videochatting with Amy.SHELDON: Do you like Amy?LEONARD: Of course.SHELDON: Well, there's the difference.Sheldon heads over to Penny's apartment for some reading. It felt like an old married couple to Penny (Kaley Cuoco), although Sheldon thinks to have that, the wife would have to serve iced tea and snickerdoodles. Sheldon is enjoying Penny's new chair. Penny couldn't get over the fact it was just sitting on the street. And suddenly Sheldon hated the chair. (I do have to take Sheldon's side on this one; furniture is always thrown out for a reason.) Despite Penny's claims she had it cleaned, he still bolts for her shower. And discovers a Band-Aid on the tub floor. And bolts for his shower.At the university, Leonard, Howard (Simon Helberg), and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) try out the university's new hydraulic thermoforming press. (Great panini!) Howard asks about Leonard's long-distance love affair. Specifically, the cyber-nasty...the virtual pickle tickle...the digital bow-chick-a-bow-wow! No, he didn't forget Raj was right there hearing about his sister. Leonard says they haven't, and Howard warns him if he doesn't step up to the webcam he'll lose her to "some guy in a turban who grew up with Kama Sutra coloring books." Ending lunch, Sheldon comes in and wants Leonard to check his head for chair lice, which he won't do...again.HOWARD: Just his head, right?LEONARD: (sheepish) I don't want to talk about it.Sheldon goes to Penny and demands she get rid of the chair. But she claimed she had the slipcovers dry-cleaned and the cushions fumigated. The strong, toxic, chemical smell is reassuring to him. He sits down...and the bugs start crawling all over him!Yes, it was a dream. Now he really does go over to Penny's and demand she get rid of the chair. She closes the door in his face. He knocks again and advises her to vacate the apartment while he calls the authorities to remove the chair. (another door closed in his face) CDC Street team? Nope. Pretend to have a sense of fashion? Uh-uh. Sheldon pounds on the door a fifth time, and Penny puts a cushion from the chair in his face. Sheldon screams and runs for his life.Leonard apparently took Howard's advice, if the sexy little negligee Priya (Aarti Mann) was wearing was any indication. How is Leonard with the hot talk? I'll give you three guesses and the first two don't count. (Charlie Sheen giving Jim Parsons the Emmy was less awkward.) She decides to take charge. She tells Leonard to take off his clothes, then she starts taking hers off. And of course, we get a case of webcam freeze.LEONARD: Dammit.PRIYA: (annoyed) Oh, Leonard. Already?Leonard explains the image needs to buffer first. And Priya really doesn't want to talk about her parents right now. Sheldon shouts out from the other room to reset the TCP/IP stack to fix it.SHELDON: (from the other room) Please let me know when you're done hogging the bandwith for your self-abuse. I'm trying to stream a movie from NetFlix here!Sheldon heads over to Amy's (Mayim Bialik) apartment, and she finally calls him on his OCD-style knocking. Sheldon asks her to talk to Penny about the chair she has, since they're friends now. (BFFs, besties, two peas in a pod, sisters who would share a pair of traveling pants, etc.).AMY: Sheldon, just because you have a focus on cleanliness that borders on the psychotic does not mean I have to participate.Howard has a solution for Leonard. A pair of simulated mouth and tongue apparati for Priya and him. Whatever he does into his gets translated across the Internet to her device, so it's like they're kissing. Howard demonstrates, and Leonard is far from impressed. But Raj wants to try it. (shoulda seen that one coming)HOWARD: You just bit my tongue!RAJ: I nibbled! I was being playful.And they keep going. And going. And going.Amy asks Penny about the chair (and somehow reveals her bra and panties are a secret she shares only with Victoria) Penny figures it out quickly that Sheldon sent her over. She's upset with Amy for letting Sheldon talk her into this, and Amy backtracks quickly and apologizes, afraid she'll lose Penny as a friend. Penny is still upset, but Amy demonstrates by sitting in the chair...and promptly gets bitten by something underneath the chair. She gets up, and both of them see something crawling around in the cushion. They run screaming from the building. The chair finds its way to the street. Until Howard and Raj find it. And Raj thinks if it was in Sheldon and Leonard's apartment, he wouldn't have to sit on the floor.Leonard decides to give it one more try with Priya. He has everything written down and starts reading. Of course, she tries to stop him because her parents are there.
