It's time to order pizza from Luigi's, although Sheldon (Jim Parsons) does wonder why they can't speak Italian. But Leonard (Johnny Galecki) wasn't staying for dinner, much to Sheldon's surprise. He's having dinner with Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Priya. And Howard (Simon Helberg) was expected to be there as well. Sheldon is flabbergasted, as they were supposed to eat pizza from Luigi's, although he admits Luigi sounds a lot like . Sheldon refuses to go based on their Thursday tradition of pizza. Raj might be serving haggis and blood pudding, which really are the same thing. Plus, Raj's plasma screen has a few dead pixels in the corner. Since Leonard was leaving, Sheldon didn't have a choice, although he probably could have chosen to NOT whine the entire way there. Raj's Tex-Mex doesn't meet with Sheldon's approval. (SHOCKING!) And watching Hofstadter "suck the saliva out of your sister's mouth" doesn't add to Raj's night. Sitting anywhere you want is like "hippies at a love-in" to Sheldon, even though Priya is trying her best to be a gracious host. But the margaritas are just a bit too much for him.Heading to The Cheesecake Factory, Sheldon drowns his sorrows in a...water. And Sheldon demands Penny (Kaley Cuoco) absentmindedly wipe down the bar and try to coax the weary patron (him) to divulging his troubles. Of course, telling Penny that hanging out at Raj's house for dinner was a problem didn't sit well, even when Raj put on Reggae music and Priya took off her shoes. ("It was like the last days of Caligula.") But Amy (Mayim Bialik) calls him (she was concerned he hadn't gone home and checked in at The Cheesecake Factory on Facebook) and tells him to get accustomed to Leonard being the social nucleus of the group, not him. Of course, Sheldon is in full denial. And he won't take it lying down. He sets out snacks at his apartment for the new "friends" he was having over. Stuart, Barry Kripke, Zack, Penny's ex-boyfriend, and . ("I tweeted him.") But now Leonard had to leave, as Sheldon's guests were coming. Almost two minutes of awkward goodbyes later, mostly of Sheldon trying to guilt Leonard into feeling bad, Leonard leaves.SHELDON: He'll be back.LEONARD: Of course, I'll be back! I live here!!!If you think the night between Zack, Stuart, and Barry would be awkward...seriously, did you really expect it to go differently? But give Sheldon credit: he did prepare goody bags. Sheldon starts with introductions. Stuart was living in the comic book store now and hoped to get a hot shower out of the deal, Barry thought there would be a whaffle (sorry, must be present to win), and Zack will think of something to say about himself.Amy and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) decide to 'kidnap' Penny and take her out dancing. Although Amy didn't really need the pillowcase or the chloroform; she just needed to stop pestering Penny about the "sweet loving her ex is currently receiving from the jewel of Mumbai."Give Zack credit; he recovered with an enthralling story about getting into a hot tub naked at a ski lodge with a drunk girl. Except Sheldon wanted to know if it was a hot tub or a Jacuzzi. (KRIPKE: Wheally? That was your qwestion?) As the drunk girl got in, Sheldon felt it was time for his story of how Archimedes learned about water displacement from taking a bath. After all his story had a gold crown, where Zack's simply had wet breasts. But long story short, Zack nailed her.SHELDON: But when he finished, he shouted Eureka!ZACK: Nope, I shouted Holy Moly. Don't know why. Just do.Sheldon wants to warm up the vintage videogames, but Kripke went to get his karaoke machine, Zack made a beer run, and Stuart went to take a shower.At Raj's, they enjoyed chili cooked by Priya, who had a Texas roommate in England, while the guys regailed her with stories about Leonard's Texas roommate, who was punched by Bill Gates once for telling him "maybe if you weren't so distracted by sick children in Africa, you could have put a little more thought into Windows Vista." They toasted a Sheldon-free evening, and they find out it's not as fun without Sheldon telling them the Romans used to put spiced toast in their punch bowls. They admit to missing him.The ladies are preparing to go out (once Penny gives them a place to go), and Penny picks a dress Amy feels show enough bosom to attract a new mate or a hungry infant. They want Penny to get a guy tonight.BERNADETTE: Pick out the hottest guy in the room, take him home, do unspeakable things to him, then kick him to the curb with a smile on his face and teeth marks on his hiney?PENNY: More or less.AMY: What's that like?Penny thinks she's OK with not being in a relationship, but Amy has some advice for stress management for people in Penny's predicament, such as herself. One involves an electric toothbrush. And none involve Bernadette finding the snowflake from the North Pole Leonard brought home for Penny a year ago. Which made both Amy and Bernadette say how romantic Leonard was.PENNY: Screw it, let's go find me a hiney to bite.AMY: And if we fail, we can always go to CVS and pick out an electric toothbrush for you. Mine's called Gerald.BERNADETTE: (to Penny) That's a little creepy.Actually, Zack and Kripke singing Don't Go Breaking My Heart by Elton John and Kiki Dee, now THAT'S creepy!STUART: (in only a towel) Anybody do Walking on Sunshine yet? Dibs!Sheldon finally gives in and goes back to all his friends. His new buddies "were having fun wrong." But the gang still welcomes him back, even though he insisted on telling them real chili doesn't have beans in it.As it happens,  did show up, only to see Stuart, Kripke, and Zack singing Walking on Sunshine.LeVAR: I am SO done with Twitter!
