Sheldon (Jim Parsons) needs to get his mail but doesn't want to approach Penny (Kaley Cuoco) at the mailboxes. He'll have to get it telepathically, and Sheldon immediately corrects her to the term telekinetically. Sheldon is uncertain what the protocols for talking with Penny since she and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) are no longer having coitus...or not seeing each other, as the rest of the planet would say. Penny says they can still be friends, and he can't use the word 'coitus.' Or intercourse, or fornication.PENNY: So, how have you been?SHELDON: Well, my existence is a continuum, so I have been what I am at each point in the time period.PENNY: You're just coitusing with me, aren't you?SHELDON: Bazinga.Sheldon tells her that Leonard is fine, apart from looking at pictures of her and smelling the pillow that has her scent. Obviously, he wasn't supposed to reveal that.PENNY: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.SHELDON: I wish you'd pretend I didn't say that.A jar of spaghetti sauce in Penny's shopping bag reminds him of the spaghetti his mother used to make for him, because it was what the Romans made Jesus eat. She offers to cook him dinner some night, and he decides that tonight would be perfect...if she can include cut-up hot dogs in the sauce. He volunteers the hot dogs and goes to get them. However, the guys have already bought him tangerine chicken and insist he be on Team Leonard, not team Penny. But Leonard doesn't care. He's over it.RAJ: That's why he's been here all day whining about inventing that memory-wiper gizmo from Men in Black (1997).SHELDON: Is he making any progress? Because I'd like to erase Ben Affleck as Daredevil (2003).HOWARD: So would Ben Affleck.Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) insist that Sheldon pick a side, but Sheldon will be on whichever side will pick last, since he's always picked last. Since Leonard bought him dinner, he says "Go Team Leonard!" (whose symbol is an L on the forehead)The guys continue to enjoy dinner, since Howard can eat pork without going to Hell. ("Jews don't have hell; we have acid reflux.") Sheldon excuses himself to get a water...and surreptitiously puts the hot dogs down his pants. He sneaks out, not convincingly, and tries to go to Penny's...after taking a brisk walk downstairs to cover for Howard walking down with him. And a dog outside smells the hot dogs, which changes Sheldon's fake walk into a real sprint.Leonard watches TV with Raj, who is now happy that Leonard wants to hang out with him again. Of course, Raj complains about not having sex in a year, since apparently he and Danica McKellar only cuddled. Hoping to avoid Raj resorting to downloading porn, Leonard is convinced Raj will meet a beautiful, funny, kind, sexy girl one day who will take his heart and grind it up into pathetic little pieces.RAJ: But we'll have sex first, right?Penny asks Sheldon at dinner, spaghetti with only one hot dog in the sauce, if Leonard is OK with him having dinner with Penny. Sheldon assures her he said he was fine with it and did not say it in a way to make it look like he was covering up. He's also all cried out now over Penny, which doesn't make her feel good. But Sheldon tries to cover by saying he's enjoying the meal. Penny goes to get the cheesecake. ("Dear Lord, I'm in Jewish hell.")Sheldon rolls back into the apartment and lies through his teeth about taking a walk for 90 minutes, as the solar flares interrupted the satellites controlling the GPS in his phone, thus getting him lost. He wakes Leonard up in the middle of the night, and proceeds to hem and haw about what he wants to talk about. The guilt overtakes him.SHELDON: I've been seeing Penny behind your back.LEONARD: OK, when you say 'seeing Penny,' what exactly does that mean?SHELDON: We had dinner last night. She made me spaghetti. With little hot dogs cut up in the sauce. Well, little hot dog. I gave the other five hot dogs to a real dog. A real big dog. A hell hound. Tangential to the primary story.Leonard asked him why did he eat Chinese with them first, and Howard said his allegiance to be to male comrades before women who sell their bodies for money.LEONARD: Are you sure he didn't say 'bro's before ho's'?SHELDON: Well, I changed the phrasing so as not to offend the ho's.Leonard assures him he is fine with Sheldon being friends with Penny, and Sheldon realizes he's been worried for nothing.SHELDON: As my meemaw would say, "looks like we butchered a pig, but nobody wanted bacon."Leonard and Penny find each other in the laundry, and it'll take time for them to get used to it. But it would seem that Sheldon's mother wants Penny to help with some of the things Leonard used to do, like take Sheldon to get sheets and towels, or buy him some new shoes. Leonard isn't happy that Penny is taking Sheldon to Disneyland, but Sheldon heard her making plans with her friends and wasn't going to say 'no.' Leonard tells her not too much junk food, and don't let him ride Space Mountain after he eats. And keep him away from Goofy, or he'll get nightmares. Pluto is OK, though.Penny and Sheldon make it home from Disneyland, and Leonard is upset that he got dinner for Sheldon but Penny never called. After making sure that Sheldon thanks Penny for taking her, Leonard asks her to stay for coffee. It's just coffee, although Raj and Howard thinks it feels a bit twisted. Leonard and Penny watching Sheldon sleep is a bit twisted, though. But Leonard and Penny think they can be friends.LEONARD: Here's an idea, I'll just throw it out there: friends who have sex.PENNY: Good night, Leonard.
