Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) discovery of a stable superheavy element has been the bane of his existence because of the accidental way he discovered it. Certainly a radio interview with Ira Flatow on NPR's Science Friday felt like torture to him. Flatow called it the "wonder blunder," that Sheldon made this discovery despite the math being so far off. (SHELDON: Could we talk about something else? Did you know that I yodel?) Ira thought Sheldon could be on his way to a Nobel Prize for Chemistry despite being a physicist.SHELDON: (rips off headphones) It's because of bullies like you that every day, more and more Americans are making the switch to television!President Siebert wasn't happy with Sheldon, but Sheldon complained Siebert was the one to force him to do it in the first place. And of course, nobody can believe Sheldon can't handle his newfound fame. Amy (Mayim Bialik) tried to point out that doing radio interviews could help raise the university's profile and raise money, but Sheldon insisted he was not a trained monkey dancing for coins.LEONARD: Of course you're not. People love trained monkeys.PENNY: How can you not be happy? You're tall, thin, and famous. (realizes) Oh, my God. I'm jealous of Sheldon.Over at Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette's (Melissa Rauch), they were getting the apartment clean because Raj (Kunal Nayyar) had to stay over while his building is being tented. Of course, Howard left out the little part where Raj would be staying for a week...and bringing Cinnamon over. Meanwhile, Sheldon has his trains out and is running the Embarrassment Express...with stops at Fraudville, WonderBlunderburg, and Kansas City. (It's a hub.) Amy brings Wil Wheaton over to talk to Sheldon. Wil knew what Sheldon was going through, given how much hatred there was for Wesley Crusher on Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987). Of course, Sheldon couldn't figure out how anybody could have hated Wesley Crusher, but Wil had gone on interviews where he was treated very badly simply because of Wesley. But he learned to live with it and moved on to a lot of things he likes to do. Sheldon said that helped and invited Wil and Amy to play trains with him. But he would be the conductor while they got to sit there silently and watch. Can't even blow the whistle, no.Bernadette got home late, but the guys chose to wait for her to have dinner. Whatever it was she was making. Not the sort of thing Bernadette wanted to hear after working so late, but Raj played peacemaker and got her a glass of wine and offered to cook dinner because she looked tired. (HOWARD: Ah, she always looks like that.) Bernadette started telling about how bad traffic was...only to have Howard interrupt her and insist she put that traffic app on her phone. But Raj said he should listen, just like he listened to Howard when he complained earlier about eating too many jelly beans. He even rubbed Howard's belly. (HOWARD: I thought of you the whole time.)On the good side, Sheldon was on-board with doing interviews and even told President Siebert he could thank Wil Wheaton for it. And he'd even add Siebert to his list of friends, which stood at 9. Ten if you counted Wolwitz. Then Leonard (Johnny Galecki) came in, and not knowing Sheldon had now decided to embrace his celebrity, told him he ran an experiment that disproved Sheldon's new element. Apparently, the Chinese added some simulated signals to the data to fake the research. No more attention for Sheldon that he hated.SHELDON: So no more interviews? I can't believe it. (livid) You've robbed me of my greatest achievement! I'm back down to nine friends! Make it eight, I'm sick of Wolowitz, too!Leonard couldn't believe it, given Sheldon had done nothing but complain about this discovery since making it. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) came in at hearing them argue. Sheldon explains what Leonard did, and Penny thinks he must be thrilled.SHELDON: That's it, I'm down to seven friends!PENNY: (to Leonard) He's counting Hobbits and superheroes, right?Sheldon didn't want the element, but now that Leonard took it away, he really wanted it back.LEONARD: IT NEVER EXISTED! I didn't take it away, SCIENCE took it away! Be mad at science!SHELDON: Don't you DARE use science against me! Science is my best friend! (realizes) Oh, good, I'm back up to eight.Penny actually sided with Sheldon on that one. It was like dating someone you weren't really into, but then they break up with you and you want them more than ever. (SHELDON: I have absolutely no idea what she's talking about, but we're ganging up on you, so I agree.)Leonard said he had to publish his findings, otherwise someone else would do it. Sheldon issued a retraction...the first one he's issued since he was a kid and had to concede his brother was the best ninja in Texas...and it was the perfect opportunity for Barry Kripke (John Ross Bowie) to meet his new favorite superhero: The Retractor! Kripke thought Sheldon might be better working in retail than physics. He could take things back for a living. Leonard tried to put a stop to it, but Sheldon insisted he fight his own battles. And he came back at Kripke's speech impediment. Kripke was really hurt by that, so Sheldon retracted it.KRIPKE: Yes you do because you're the Retractor!Raj was still being the ultimate houseguest, even cleaning all the dishes. Which Bernadette knew because she had seen Howard using his keys to open a bagel rather than wash a knife. He even brought everyone coffee...well, Bernadette got a latte, Howard got hot chocolate...and Raj even wished Bernadette luck on her presentation. Which Howard didn't. Once she left, Howard confronted him about making him look bad. (HOWARD: Doing dishes, getting her coffee, knowing about her life? Who does that?) But Raj thought he had come a long way given he was an only child raised by an overprotective mom. And tells him this while straigtening out his clothes, buttoning his shirt, and even smoothing out his eyebrows. (Yes, by wetting his thumb and running it across.) Oh, Raj wasn't done. Another big dinner and even saying Bernadette was looking too skinny lately. Bernadette wondered why Howard didn't say sweet things like that. (HOWARD: What about last week? I asked if you were wearing Spanx and you weren't?) But Howard insisted she could do more, like the lunch Raj packed for him with a note that said "go get 'em?" They started arguing, and Raj immediately tried to play peacemaker. Howard admitted he was feeling like a lousy husband and Bernadette said she felt like a lousy wife. Then they figured it out: it was Raj's fault.HOWARD: You made us feel like we're not trying hard enough!BERNADETTE: Yeah, we were totally fine half-assing our marriage until you showed up!RAJ: Look, I'm sorry that you're upset with me, but I just have to say it's nice to see the two of you on the same page.HOWARD: (to Bernadette) Yeah, it does feel good you're backing me up for once.BERNADETTE: (pissed) I back you up all the time!HOWARD: When we...he's doing it again!BERNADETTE: What's wrong with you!But Raj could crash at Leonard and Sheldon's, except he left Cinnamon's brush behind, so they'd have to share. (PENNY: Bark once if you need me to call PETA.) Sheldon comes in with a full head of steam, already thinking Cinnamon will cause another Jurassic Park (1993) getting out of her cage and he even turns down Amy's offer to take a walk in the park. (SHELDON: Everything is just sex with you, isn't it!) Raj intervenes, telling Sheldon Amy can only be there for him as much as he's there for her. And he tells Amy she shouldn't pressure Sheldon into accepting intimacy on her terms.AMY: You should probably go.On Ira Flatow's Science Friday, Leonard came in to discuss how he disproved Sheldon's discovery, but Sheldon insisted on telling the tale himself, even though Ira wanted to hear it from Leonard...and didn't actually invite Sheldon to be on again.PENNY: (listening to the train wreck on the radio with Amy) You know, if we did a shot every time they said something embarrassing, this would be one helluva drinking game.AMY: It's a little early for alcohol, isn't it?SHELDON: (on radio) You know, I just don't say smart things about science. I can yodel. (and does)AMY: I'll get the vodka.
