We must be in a "Twilight Zone" version of The Big Bang Theory: Howard is finishing a date with Bernadette. Granted, it was ending on a very bad joke Howard was telling, so that's reality. Bernadette gives him the "where is this going" line, and Howard hopes at least second base. (can't blame him) But as it is the end of the third date, she is wondering about sex, and Howard is wondering when he was supposed to know that the third date is supposed to lead to sex. (aren't all men?) Bernadette leaves him with that hanging question about the "one night stand vs. relationship". She leaves him to think about it. He goes home to the homies and homette. He covers for himself by saying romance is like showbusiness: always leave them wanting more. ("He struck out.")Howard asks the guys at the university if three dates meant sex, but they're not really the best references when you think about it. Sheldon has great news for them. He's going to be on Scientific Fwiday on National Pubwic Wadio. Actually, Kripke told them, but it still was exciting. Kripke wants to know when National Pubwic Wadio had to sqwape the bottom of the bawwel for its guests, but it was a rhetorical question. But the guys are excited. Sheldon's mother has even invited her Bible study group over, and they'll pray for his soul on top of it.Sheldon is a well-organized person: he has his talking points all written down, and he needs someone to check them to make sure they are at the less educated members of the listening audience.SHELDON: Howard, look this over and tell me what's unclear to you.HOWARD: Excuse me! I have a Masters' Degree in Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology! It required the completion of 144 units of graduate work AND an original thesis!SHELDON: Yes. Look this over and tell me what's unclear to you.Penny enters, fails to get Raj talking to her ("Yo Raj! Talk to me! Nah, sorry! Just screwing with you!"), and asks why Howard hasn't called Bernadette in a week.HOWARD: I'm not sure if she's my typePENNY: She agreed to go out with you for free. What more do you need?Howard apparently has higher standards: like Megan Fox or Katee Sackhoff from Battlestar Galactica.LEONARD: You'd have a better shot with the three-breasted hooker from "Total Recall."HOWARD: That movie was 20 years ago. Imagine how saggy those things would be.Penny can't believe it, but Howard feels she shouldn't take it out on him just because she settled.LEONARD: I'm sitting here!PENNY: I didn't SETTLE for Leonard. OK, maybe he isn't the type of guy I normally go out with. You know, physically.LEONARD: Again, I'm right here!PENNY: My point is, I don't judge a book by its cover. I am interested in the person underneath.LEONARD: (to Sheldon) I'm right here! I mean, you do see me, right?Sheldon's interview on NPR does not go well. Mainly because Kripe feeds a hose into Sheldon's office and pumps helium into it. And if that was Jim Parsons doing all the work with the voice instead of the sound department messing with it, just give him the ****in' Emmy now, willya!Howard is in the tub. With Katee Sackhoff?!?!?KATEE: Thanks Howard. Always nice to be part of your masturbatory fantasies.(What, you didn't think she was REALLY in the tub with Howard, did you? Although, technically, she WAS in the bathtub with Simon, and well, he has a girlfriend, and I'm sure she was wearing a bikini under the bubbles and...never mind.)Katee gives Howard the advice all of us want to give him: give up the fantasy. Bernadette's a very sweet and cute lady and he is wasting his time playing Cylon and Colonist (isn't she the wrong blonde for that?) with a mental image and a washcloth. Fortunately for Ms. Sackhoff (and us), Howard's mom gets us out of this by telling Howard to get out of the tub. ("We share that tub!")Sheldon is understandably depressed about being humiliated on public radio, where everybody in the cafeteria can laugh, including Leonard and Raj. Although Raj wants Sheldon to join the Lollipop Guild, Leonard convinces him that Sheldon should stoop down to Kripke's level and level some serious payback.SHELDON: How about we put a whoopee cushion on his chair?LEONARD: Let's keep thinking.Howard comes down to the Cheesecake Factory to talk to Bernadette. Too bad, because he just missed Scarlett Johansson and Wonder Woman in there trolling for neurotic weasels. He tells her that he had been thinking about it, just like she said...and he gets down on one knee.BERNADETTE: Is this more comedy I don't understand?He proposes, and she reacts the same way you should to any person who asks you to marry them after three dates: by freaking out. To be fair, Howard is right that he'll never find another girl like her who likes him and...is real.(The only thing missing was a "Holy Crap on a Cracker!!")Sheldon's revenge consists of ordinary dish soap, hydrogen peroxide, saturated potassium iodide...and Mountain Dew. ("Ah, refreshing!") The result is a "foamy vengeance" that would get him in good with the kid scientists on Letterman. It is already deployed to activate in Kripke's office thanks to a motion sensor. It works perfectly! Kripke is completely soaked! As are several members of the university board, including the president. But they don't know Sheldon did it...until Sheldon's video message plays taking credit for it...and inspired by Leonard and Raj.RAJ: (to Leonard) Well, I'm going back to India. What's your plan?Howard's people may be done crossing deserts, but he is not done trying to win Bernadette back. Up on the stage he goes (at the Cheesecake Factory?) and belts out the Four Tops song named for her...with altered lyrics, natch.Bernadette! I am so sorry for trying to...propose to you!And Bernadette! You found it creepy but, that's just the kind of thing I do (Ahhh)I know now it was too soon to talk of loveIt was just crazy idea that came to me in my tubBut Bernadette, give me one more chance (Sweet Bernadette!)I'll get the hang of this thing they called romance (Sweet Bernadette!)I dream to once again to kiss your lips (Sweet Bernadette!)Sincerely yours, Howard Wolowitz (Sweet Bernadette!)BERNADETTE: That's the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for me!
