It's party time for the gang. For the ladies, it's VEGAS BABY, VEGAS! For the guys, it's D&D BABY, D&D! Penny (Kaley Cuoco), Amy (Mayim Bialik), and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) get in a cab and head to the airport to fly to the land with no rules. Although Amy does think there should be a rule about not having a six-way with the Blue Man Group. Fair enough. No husbands or boyfriends this weekend, so Penny was ready with a new bikini, Bernadette had a nice tube top (and can of pepper spray), and Amy had a pair of old underwear to throw on the stage at a Garth Brooks concert. She tried new underwear the last time and it didn't get her anywhere.The boys decided to shake things up and let Howard (Simon Helberg) be the Dungeon Master instead of Leonard (Johnny Galecki). Of course, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) loathes change, at which point Leonard has to remind him he ended up liking Zachary Quinto as Spock. Sheldon is upset Leonard throws that in his face every single time he complains about change, but whatevs. Howard's ready to go, and the warriors come across an oak tree that looks like Nicolas Cage. (And a very kick-ass imitation there, Simon!) (SHELDON: You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes!) But Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was a brave warrior who wouldn't be kept from his goal. Nor a date with Lucy (Kate Micucci), who finished work early, so Raj was out the door. Thankfully for the guys, the ladies had returned. Apparently, a TSA agent got a little too handsy with Amy. She got a broken nose from Amy's elbow, and Amy got a spot on the no-fly list. She was upset. (PENNY: Hey, you lost money, you feel ashamed, and you got groped by a stranger. That's Vegas, you nailed it.) Amy was about to go home when Leonard invited the ladies to play D&D.SHELDON: (shocked) Three weeks ago, you bought crunchy peanut butter, and now you want the girls to play D&D? Do you have a drug problem? I've never played Dungeons & Dragons with girls before.PENNY: Don't worry, sweetie. No one has.Sheldon left the decision to the Dungeon Master, who saw some Satanic fungus rising from the forest floor that looked like Al Pacino.HOWARD/AL: You're playing D&D, you're playing D&D, this whole APARTMENT'S playing D&D! (It was even better than his Nic Cage.)The ladies were in, particularly when Penny made a pitcher of margaritas. Sheldon informed them they didn't drink while playing D&D but Penny said it was a magic potion to make her like him more. (LEONARD: Double-potion, please.) Howard tells them about two hulking ogres (that sounded a lot like a bad guy from [error]). Everybody grabs a weapon, and Penny grabs more of her magic potion. But they need to roll the dice, so they leave it to the craps expert. (PENNY: 15's the point. The point is 15. Give the little lady some room. Here it is, coming out.)Raj and Lucy meet for drinks. And despite the alcohol, it was going a bit awkwardly. In fact, Lucy was so nervous, she put roll-on anti-perspirant all over her body before arriving. (LUCY: If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you'll know why.) But to give her credit, she had been trying to do things that she was too scared to do, like tell her hair stylist she doesn't like bangs, saying no to kids selling magazine subscriptions door-to-door (LUCY: I have a two-year subscription to Guns & Ammo.), or sending her food back at a restaurant if something was wrong with it. But given at dinner her crab cakes were a bit funky, Raj thought it was the perfect opportunity for her to practice. Against her wishes, he called the waiter over, but she wouldn't tell him to fix the crab cakes. Raj kept prodding her, and she ran off to the bathroom. Raj thought it was cute and told the waiter the first time they dated, she went to the bathroom and jumped out the window. Just like she did tonight. Only she was locked in by a fence. She had no choice but to call Raj.As the rest of the gang really got into the D&D game (BERNADETTE: Come on! Mama wants a pair of dead ogres!), Raj finds Lucy and tells her it chips away at his masculinity to have her crawl out of a bathroom window. But she says right back that he was pushing her to send her food back and she didn't like it. And if she couldn't tell the woman at SuperCuts her forehead is her best feature, how could she tell Raj she was upset about being pushed?RAJ: Well, I like you a lot! And that is scary for me, because you're a proven flight risk.LUCY: How can you like me a lot?RAJ: For one thing, you have bigger emotional problems than me and I find that very attractive in a woman! I don't know...I think you're wonderful.Lucy goes up to the fence and puts her lips through it. Raj kisses her. (LUCY: I'm sweating out the top of my head!) But they do continue to kiss.In the D&D game, the gang takes out a flying dragon, but the dragon survives. Sheldon demands to know if the dragon said anything, so Howard breaks out the Christopher Walken. (Didn't have the voice quite right, but the cadence was spot-on funny!) Amy gets a winning roll, the dragon dies, and Sheldon even gets some final words from Chris. Bernadette thinks Howard's one fine-ass Dungeon Master (although that may be the magic potion talking). He planned to take her on another adventure when they got home, and Sheldon was excited to join them! (AMY: Sheldon, they're talking about sex.) Then Penny came up with the idea that Sheldon's and Amy's characters should do it in the game. That gets an Oooo! from Bernadette (and a backup Oooo! from Howard). The love spell was cast.HOWARD: When Sheldon looks at Amy, she's the most beautiful half-Orc he's ever seen and he's overcome with a desire to rip her armor off and gaze at her four hairy breasts! When Amy sees Sheldon, he....looks just like Sheldon because apparently she's into that.That might have been too much for Amy, who leaves and locks herself in Sheldon's room. (SHELDON: You see what happens when you let girls play D&D?) Sheldon goes to talk to her (knocking on his own door for the first time), and Amy is upset everybody thinks their relationship is a joke, but Sheldon doesn't think it is.SHELDON: Amy, before I met you, I never had any interest in an intimate relationship.AMY: And now?SHELDON: And now what?AMY: Do you have any interest now?SHELDON: I would not rule that out.AMY: (sarcastic) Wow, talk dirty to me.Sheldon thinks they have an extremely intimate relationship, but Amy wanted more. (SHELDON: More? Look at us! It's only been three years, and we're in bed together!) But Sheldon said their characters did have a love spell cast upon them and they should play it out. He went to get some dice and decided to (rolls) take off Amy's armor. Amy decided to kiss him on the lips. And Sheldon decided to (rolls) kiss her on the lips as well. Amy removes his armor, and Sheldon erotically caresses her (rolls) nose. (AMY: Keep rolling!)After a while, Penny and Leonard go to find out what happened and to apologize.AMY: Go away! Sheldon is about to nibble on my (rolls) FOURTEEN!
