Sheldon (Jim Parsons) has been robbed! He is at the apartment after having called the police. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) arrives home to ask what was stolen.SHELDON: They got my enchanted weapons, my vicious gladiator armor, my wand of untainted power, and all my gold!LEONARD: (ticked off) You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account?SHELDON: What choice did I have? The mighty Sheldor, Level 85 Blood Elf, Hero of the Eastern Kingdom, has been picked clean like a carcass in the desert sun! Plus, the FBI hung up on me!Naturally, Sheldon can't believe the Pasadena Police Department can't help him with this ("How are you allowed to carry a gun?") But Leonard will rally the troops. Sheldon wants to let slip the dogs of war on the perpetrator, but Dog #1's mother said he was taking a bath, and Dog #2 was at his pilates class.Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) join them, and Howard thinks a pro did it. Raj tells them a member of the Nigerian royal family will help Sheldon get his stuff back for a fee (although the prince MIGHT be a fraud), and even a day-old cheesecake from Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wasn't much help. She departed as Priya (Aarti Mann) got there, and Penny explained why she was in the apartment.PENNY: I was helping Sheldon. He was robbed of a bunch of imaginary crap that's useful in a make-believe place.PRIYA: I don't know what that means.PENNY: Sadly, I do.Fortunately, Penny has a few gal pals now to talk about her former relationship with Leonard, such as Priya taking Leonard to the beach for rollerblading when Penny had to carry Leonard to the water because he was afraid of stepping on medical waste. Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), however, still hasn't gotten the hang of when to say "That bitch!" at the appropriate moment. Amy (Mayim Bialik) does, but she defers to Bernadette. (It sounds so much cuter when she says it.) They need some liqueur to go on the ice cream, as Penny continued to complain about having to break in Leonard, only to have to tiptoe around Priya now. (In her defense, Leonard saying "Oooh, my breast friends" when Penny took off her bra is just sad.) Bernadette is uncomfortable with hating Priya, but Amy says she has no choice.AMY: Primates, such as ourselves, have a natural instinct to ostracize ill-mannered members of the troupe. Bernadette's urge to shun, scowl, or fling her waste at Priya is hardwired into our DNA.BERNADETTE: (shocked) I don't have an urge to fling my waste!AMY: It's there, we all have it. Hit me with some more booze and I'll show you.Howard found the tavern in WoW where black market deals were made, although Raj is afraid of his character being there and everybody undressing her with their eyes. Priya is none too happy Leonard is helping Sheldon, but they found the fence for the stolen goods. Raj volunteering his character to have sex with the fence is the last straw for Priya. She leaves, only to run into Penny, Bernadette, and a drunk Amy in the hallway. Penny plays nice and invites Priya for a drink, but she declines. Good thing, as Amy wondered how many of the four women would reach the lobby.Leonard asks Raj if he's in trouble with Priya, and Priya Skyping with her ex-boyfriend Sanjay might be the answer. But Howard did locate Sheldon's thief. A Todd Zarnecki. (LEONARD: I'll bet he's some loser who lives with his parents.) Howard very begrudgingly agrees. Sheldon wants to drive two hours to Carlsbad to torture Zarnecki, although he promised to stay within the Geneva Convention. Everybody waffles a bit.SHELDON: Ask yourself this: in the course of our lives, how much money has been taken from us? How many kites? How many Scooby-Doo Trapper Keepers? The bullies took them from us. Tonight, we take back our dignity, our birthright, and our pride! Who's with me?!?If they can go after the Sabbath and Raj's hip-hop aerobics class, great. Leonard doesn't want to ditch Priya two nights in a row, but Raj points out, bro's before...my sister. Worse, sitar music for a ringtone is not cool.The team heads down to San Diego to confront Zarnecki, although Raj hopes to hit LegoLand the next day. Shedon prefers SeaWorld, but whatevs. Raj even had a heroic CD mix to play...after he erased his Beyonce Bootylicious Mix. (Well, she does have curves and owns them.) Several hours later, they make it to the house, and Sheldon was armed with a Klingon bat'leth. They finally knock on the door, and a VERY large man answers. So much for heroics. Todd even takes Sheldon's bat'leth.As if the drive home wasn't humiliating enough, Leonard's car stalls out, and Penny had to pick the guys up. Sheldon actually says 'thank you'. Penny questions why Leonard called her instead of Priya. Apparently, Penny would understand the reason why they went to Carlsbad in the first place where Priya wouldn't.HOWARD: This one's funny, Leonard. Why couldn't you make it work?Sheldon told Penny they couldn't get their stuff back, so Penny turns the car around to show them how they finish a quest in Nebraska. Penny demands Todd give Sheldon his stuff back and he refuses.PENNY: Good news! Today's the day a girl's gonna finally touch you in your special place.One swift kick to the groin later, and Sheldon had his stuff back.Penny's reward for taking on a bully? A very uncomfortable walk up the stairs with Priya. Very, very quiet and uncomfortable.PENNY: Amy's right. I do want to fling my poop at her.
