While Sheldon (Jim Parsons) was in Houston with Howard (Simon Helberg)...and so well-behaved that he got a Buzz Aldrin bobblehead doll and astronaut ice cream...the rest of the gang was having dinner from that Thai place Sheldon refused to let them eat at. And they found out why. But no matter, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was enjoying sitting in Sheldon's spot as opposed to the floor, which Leonard (Johnny Galecki) advised against because he knew Sheldon had a very sensitive butt. (LEONARD: It's true. Once I saw him sit on a bunch of loose change and add it up.) Stuart (Kevin Sussman) stopped by, and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) hoped they could plan something; otherwise she'd have to visit Howard's mother. Fortunately, Stuart would assist in this by keeling over and dying. According to Raj. Who whipped out his mobile phone and played a dramatic murder mystery-type beat. And everybody groaned because it was time for another of Raj's murder mystery dinner parties.PENNY: Are you really going to lie on the floor and pretend to be dead all night?STUART: What do you think I was going to do at home?Amy (Mayim Bialik) decided it might be fun to pretend to be another character. Except Raj indicated they would all be portraying themselves. He handed out their character cards, one of which indicated who the murderer was, and everybody had to figure out who it was. They were to be their own Byomkesh Bakshi, which was the Indian version of Sherlock Holmes (Holmes came first, so...). And Bernadette may not want to stand too close to Stuart since he would stay there the whole night and could see up her skirt. Everybody could ask any question they wanted of their fellow suspects.PENNY: Got it. Hey, who's the murderer.RAJ: Any question but THAT.PENNY: Sorry. Hey, who's NOT the murderer?On the way to see Sheldon's mother, Howard was wondering if Sheldon was going to bring her a nice gift. And Sheldon said he already had it covered; he was bringing the gift of knowledge. (Did you know camels didn't exist in the Middle East during the time of the Old Testament, even though they're mentioned?) Howard figured the flowers and pie he brought would be a slight improvement over Sheldon denigrating his mother's religion. Until Sheldon took the flowers and pie to give to her. They got to the house, and Sheldon made a beeline back to the car.SHELDON: (completely freaked out) I saw Mommy with a naked man and she was trying to be a mommy again!Back at the apartment, we discovered Raj's penchant for murder mysteries. He weighed 200 pounds as a kid and didn't have any friends. Organizing these mysteries were what got him through, and he vowed to ask his friends to participate if he ever got friends one day. And given Leonard had seen pictures of Raj as a kid, in none of which was he fat, he called BS on Raj. Bernadette found a receipt for a coffee shop with a date from 20 years into the future. It was a clue towards Raj's murder mystery. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wasn't having as much luck finding clues in any of the beers in the refrigerator.LEONARD: So one of us comes into the past to murder Stuart? Does the svelte gazelle realize he's just ripping off The Terminator (1984)?RAJ: Does the smart-ass know that Terminator was actually ripped off from an The Outer Limits (1963) called Demon With A Glass Hand by Harlan Ellison?LEONARD: Does the gazelle know that, according to Harlan Ellison, it was NOT ripped off from Demon With A Glass Hand, but from another Outer Limits script he wrote called The Soldier?PENNY: (going for the refrigerator) I'm going to need another clue!(BTW, do you think that was put in there as a sort of *beep* you to the people who complain the show is about nothing but relationships these days?)How freaked out was Sheldon? He was downing beers with Howard at a nearby tavern. (Yes, Lone Star Beer, which actually exists. But it's made by Pabst Brewing Company, so buyer beware.) He wasn't drunk enough to talk about it. But one sip later, he was. Howard couldn't imagine seeing his mother ravish someone...unless ravishing a brisket counts, then he's all in. Since Mrs. Cooper never saw Sheldon at the window, Howard told Sheldon to just pretend it didn't happen. (SHELDON: I have to tell her. How can we have a healthy relationship if I don't tell her how disappointed I am in her and will never forgive her?) Howard figured Sheldon needed to tell her that in person, but Sheldon first chose to call and warn Mary Cooper (this time) they were on their way. Howard wondered if it was really Sheldon's business what his mother did, given his father had been gone for many years.SHELDON: I beg to differ. I used to live in those genitals. If someone wants to move into my old room, I should at least get a vote.Raj puts everybody in a "time machine" (just a strobe light and more musical effects) and takes them 20 years into the future. And they're still bored. Although Penny is happy her beer is not flat and her rack is not sagging. He hands out some cards about how everybody is in the future, which should have clues about the murderer. According to Amy's future, she won the Nobel Prize for Physiology and with the prize money she bought Stuart's bookstore to shut it down so Sheldon would pay more attention to her. (AMY: Not the worst idea.) Leonard and Penny drifted apart after their respective careers took off; Leonard moving to Stanford and Penny going to London. Raj became boy toy to the wrinkled but still-flexible Madonna. As for Bernadette, we'll have to wait until Leonard and Penny finish their argument. Penny assumed Leonard would give up his life in science if she was making lots of money, which he would not.LEONARD: You don't go into science for the money.BERNADETTE: Speak for yourself. Last month, my company both invented and cured Restless Eye Syndrome. Ka-ching, you blinky chumps!Penny was not happy about Leonard not following her if her career took off, and suddenly everybody else was enjoying the drama...of the murder mystery, yeah that's the ticket. Raj tried to play peacemaker by changing their backstories to both of them living in New York, married, and with three kids. (PENNY: Really? You think I'm putting this body through three kids?)Sheldon goes into the house to confront his mother (Laurie Metcalf). (SHELDON: I saw you having naked sex.) She tells him to sit down, but he needed a surface she hasn't had coitus on. She wasn't amused...and advised they sit at the table. Mary Cooper's paramour was named Ron, she knew him from their prayer group, and this had been going on for a few months. (SHELDON: And of those few months, how long have you been a demented sex pervert?) Mary was very upset and ordered Sheldon to his room. Sheldon protested, saying he was a professional scientist, a grown man, and had the moral high ground. (yes, he went to his room)The murder mystery was still on hold because Leonard and Penny were still fighting over their future careers, and everybody wondered why they had never talked about it before. Amy said she didn't have to worry about that with Sheldon because their Relationship Agreement covered many scenarios, even an intelligent dog uprising. (AMY: FYI, We plan on selling out the human race hard.) Stuart thought Leonard and Penny would be together in twenty years, and that they were the best couple he knew. Which offended Amy and Bernadette to no end.STUART: Well, I feel like you guys make each other better. Penny brought Leonard out of his shell, and it seems like Leonard makes Penny think more deeply about the world. Together, you two kind of make one awesome person.PENNY: (touched) Aww, Stuart. Now I feel bad for murdering you.RAJ: Oh, COME ON!!!!BERNADETTE: (elated) Penny did it! I win! SUCK IT, JACKASSES!Howard knocked on Sheldon's door, and since any man was now welcome in the house, Sheldon let him in. Apparently, if a Jewish person sits in front of a house in Texas long enough, "for sale" signs start to go up. Sheldon wasn't sure how he was going to get past this, but Howard went through something similar. (SHELDON: Howard, we've ALL seen your mother naked. That woman needs to learn how to tie a robe.) It turns out Howard's mother started seeing someone a few years after his dad left, and he acted like a jerk toward her because of it. (HOWARD: Let's just say it was the most vicious bar mitzvah speech ever heard at Temple Beth-El.) His mother stopped seeing the guy, and she had been alone ever since. Howard thought Sheldon shouldn't get in the way of his mother's happiness.SHELDON: I love my mother, even if she fornicates like a demonic weasel.Sheldon goes to talk to his mother. And once she puts a blanket on the couch, Sheldon sat down. Sheldon admitted the part that hurt him the most was the hypocrisy, given she violated all of the rules she raised him on his whole life. She agreed, and she admitted she was struggling with it. (MARY: I'm not perfect, Shelly, but that man's booty is.) Sheldon remained confused but didn't want to get in the way of her happiness. He planned to condemn her internally while keeping an outward appearance of acceptance. And she said it was very Christian of him. Still, Sheldon was worried about how she was conducting her life.SHELDON: You're going to need to be careful. You used to be protected by your pre-Enlightenment mythology. But now you're going to need a stronger friend, named latex.MARY: (shocked) Are you having the sex talk with me?SHELDON: Well, someone has to!MARY: Oh, dear Lord.SHELDON: No, don't look to Him. He's mad at you right now.Raj was still pouting (sorry, brooding) over Penny ruining his game, but Bernadette thought the time-travel element was inspired. (LEONARD: It was, by Terminator.) Still, Bernadette hoped they would all be friends in 20 years, and Leonard proposed all of them meet in front of the apartment building exactly 20 years from now at 8PM and have dinner, regardless of whether they were friends or still lived in the same area. Everybody put it in their phones.20 years later....STUART: (the only one there) I knew it.
