2:45 AM
Sheldon, Amy, Leonard and Penny are in 4A, awaiting a phone call from Sweden. If Sheldon doesn't stop talking, he'll fall asleep-which we learn when he stops talking and falls asleep. But there is good news with this-Sheldon said someone could slap him awake if this happened(Penny: "Oh Boy!"). But in order to have this honor, one must earn it-and nobody's earned it more then Leonard. As Penny prepares to capture the magic moment on video, Sheldon's phone rings-which probably worked better then a slap. Sheldon and Amy learn that they won the Nobel Prize: "In being suckers!"(Kripke).
Sheldon: "His Swedish accent was very convincing".
Then the phone rings again: and it's Howard("Did anybody get to slap Sheldon?"). After that call, Amy's phone rings-they won. But what if it's a dream?
SLAP!!!!!!!!!
Sheldon "We won the Nobel Prize!"Walking down the stairs, Sheldon is bombarded with congratulatory texts from his family-and 2 of his ex-sisters in law. Amy gets a text too-from CVS, informing her that her prescription's ready. And from her dad, too. The texts, however, are nothing compared to what's outside the building-it seems like ever reporter in Pasadena wants to interview them. This is too much for Sheldon, who turns around and walks back inside.
Reporter: "Is Dr Cooper coming back?"
Amy: "No. Next question"In the university cafeteria, Leonard is recounting the magic moment when President Siebert walks over. For any interviews about Amy and Sheldon, the word used to describe them will be quirky.
Howard: "So not Mr and Mrs Wackadoodle?"
Just then, the Wackadoodles walk in to applause-and Sheldon walks out. What do we call that?
Leonard, Raj, and Howard: "Quirky"Later, Howard spots a reporter knocking on Sheldon's door. Seeing that Sheldon's very unwilling to do an interview, Howard proclaims himself to be his best friend,(and an astronaut, to boot) and steals the reporter away.Meanwhile, Raj discovers Amy crying in the bathroom over the awful picture of herself that's all over the internet(Raj: "That's an unfortunate angle"). But no worries Amy-he's got the solution. The Nobel Prize comes with a lot of money, and Amy and Raj are off to Beverly Hills for a makeover-and maybe a thank you gift for the guy who took her there.At the Wolowitz house, Bernadette discovers the article that's supposed to be about Sheldon, but instead is all about Howard, as he is Sheldon's "best friend". It might've had something to do with the time Sheldon got his hand stuck in an olive jar. He also tells her that the reporter wants to meet Amy's best friend, which doesn't have to be Penny.Later, in Leonard's apartment, Sheldon needs the perfect tea-one for when you win the Nobel Prize and now everything's changing and you're sad about it. Herbal Grey, maybe. Which there is none of. Then, Raj walks in requesting Penny(who isn't there). He wants to show her his latest creation-Dr Amy Farrah Fowler! He hair is shorter and wavier, and she has on a beautiful dress. Sheldon, however, is upset that she changed, and runs into the hall with Leonard chasing after him. Poor Sheldon doesn't know how much more change he can take.Then a ding is heard.
The long awaited moment has arrived!
Penny: "Can you believe it? They finally fixed the elevator!"This is a nightmare, and Sheldon runs down the stairs-and is greeted at the bottom by Penny("The elevator's really fast"). Sheldon needs to be alone, and doesn't want to be followed-but he could use a ride.At the Cheesecake Factory, Sheldon vents to Penny, who is playing a game("Every time you say change, I take a shot"). She points out that he's changed a lot since she met him-he got married, got more emotional, wore a baseball cap once, etc. He's even had sex. She's changed too-she used to be the bartender at the Cheesecake Factory. It seems that the only constant in life is that things always change. Also, on the TV near their table, Howard and Bernadette are being interviewed. Guess who doesn't want his olive story told?Amy likes her new look, and she's done with worrying about what Sheldon thinks(Raj: "Was is me, or did it just get fierce in here?"). Leonard is also sick of caving in to Sheldon-the thermometer must be set at his comfort level even though Leonard is always chilly. Which is why he always wears a hoodie. He's also annoyed with the weird DNA thing by the closet that Sheldon forbade him to touch for no reason, and decides to put it in the closet. So he picks it up-and it falls apart.
Raj: "I bet that's the reason"Penny and Sheldon are back, but before they can go upstairs, Penny presses the elevator button. As Sheldon ponders whether to take it or not, Penny pushes him in.
Sheldon: "This is wild"To be continued.......
