Sheldon (Jim Parsons) crunches the numbers, makes some changes to the formulae, and he got it. "Conclusive proof I'm absolutely worthless after 9 o'clock." But as it is Halloween, some pranking is to happen. The screams in the hallway are cute, as is the sudden blackout. Sheldon's not even impressed with the "blood" dripping down the wall spelling 'see you in hell Sheldon.' (SHELDON: The most frightening thing about that is the missing comma.) But the phosphorus-covered skeleton on a zip line thrown at him gives him a mild scare. (He thinks it's a minor scare.) Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) come out and admit they didn't scare him as much as they thought, and Sheldon knows fright depends on the element of surprise. Until Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is suddenly behind him in a Balok mask from The Corbomite Maneuver (1966). Which REALLY does the trick. Howard thought Sheldon would faint, and Raj thought he'd pee in his pants.LEONARD: Looks like everyone's a winner.At the comic book store, while Sheldon used his Texas background to plot his revenge, Leonard managed to go where no nerd has gone before: he talked up a hot woman who was interested in his Next Men comic ("Issue 21, first edition of Hellboy.") Alice () decided to give Leonard her phone number in order to continue to wear Leonard down and get his comic. Howard and Stuart were impressed, but Leonard claimed he wasn't interested because he had Priya. But Leonard still did enough to be put up on the "Wall of Heroes" display in the store. (He was the first to pick up a hot girl in the store.)Sheldon was ready for his first bit of payback: boobytrapping the mailbox on Leonard. Despite Sheldon's feeble attempts to convince him to get the mail, Leonard does it anyway and...nothing happens. Then Sheldon opens it...and an airbag of Leonard pops out complete with airhorn sound. And Sheldon is gotten once again.LEONARD: You might be from Texas, but I'm from New Jersey.Leonard has a "date" with Alice, where he showed a drawing Jim Lee drew of him at Comic Con. Leonard is a bit on the buff side, mainly because he went there as Lion-O from . Alice shows him a comic she drew...containing a drawing of her having sex with half of a Chewbacca.LEONARD: Comic Con?ALICE: You'd think, but no. (They start making out) So, can I trade you my comic for the Hellboy?LEONARD: You can have my car.Sheldon's next target: Raj. Sheldon hides a snake in Raj's desk and tries to get him to open the desk drawer. Raj opens it and sees the cute snake in there. He takes it down to the biology lab to get it some mice.SHELDON: I tried to scare an Indian with a snake. Come on, Cooper! You're better than this.Leonard goes over to Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) apartment to talk to her. She's out of Halloween candy once again. (PENNY: It's a rough month when Halloween and PMS hit at the same time.) Leonard awkwardly asks her about Alice, since Penny might be his ex but her knowledge of relationships is considerably greater than the rest of the group...combined. Leonard doesn't want to screw things up with Priya (Aarti Mann), but he also wants to continue seeing Alice, perhaps even go to bed with her.LEONARD: I'm not one of those guys who goes sneaks around and sleeps with more than one woman.PENNY: Good for you.LEONARD: The problem is I want to be one of those guys.Leonard doesn't want to stop seeing Alice, but he admitted being in love with Priya and thought they could get married.PENNY: Leonard, you're looking for a way to sleep with both women and have everybody be happy about it.LEONARD: NOW we're getting somewhere.Time for Sheldon to go all Texas on Howard. He fashions a joy buzzer on steroids. It works quite well...based on the hellacious shock he gave himself. He goes over to Howard's house...where Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) is practicing her imitation of Howard's mother...and somehow gets Howard to shake hands with him. Howard collapses and Bernadette freaks out, saying Howard has a heart condition. Now Sheldon is freaking out because Bernadette hands him a needle of adrenaline and Sheldon has to go all  on him. Of course, Howard and Bernadette set up the gag as well. Sheldon can't believe he got duped and facepalms himself. Yes, with the joy buzzer on steroids.After consulting with Sheldon about his dilemma, Sheldon actually had good advice. According to Nietzche, morality is the fiction created by the weak masses to hold back the strongest in society. Leonard goes and tries to have sex with Alice. Only his conscience is holding him back and he admits to having a girlfriend. That did not sit well with Alice, and Leonard claiming he was being the good guy by stopping himself didn't win him any points. Of course, you know what's going to happen now. Leonard confesses the kiss to Priya over videoconference, and she instantly forgives him. Mainly because she slept with her ex on Leonard. And that ends their relationship. And then Leonard gets the bejeezus scared out of him by Sheldon hiding inside the couch.SHELDON: Bazinga, punk! Now we're even!
