Did you know that to the creatures in Avatar, the ponytail is the equivalent of "their junk"? Little tip from Raj (Kunal Nayyar). But they also use their ponytails to ride horses and fly on their birds. There are some horses and birds that are very nervous around James Cameron. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) comes in and tells the gang he knows who won the Chancellor's Award for Science. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) figures he's here to gloat.SHELDON: What self-important preening fraud are they honoring this year?LEONARD: I'm so glad you asked it like that. You.Sheldon is excited, even though he feels he deserves the award every year. He decides to tell his mother first...until he comes up with the idea of conducting an interview with himself and posting it online.The guys are watching Avatar in 3-D (which I didn't even know was out yet), although Raj is watching it in 2-D because he didn't want to spring for the Slurpee to get 3-D glasses. Sheldon gets a call from Chancellor Morton, who expects him to make a speech at the banquet. Sheldon has spoken in front of small groups before. He did 20 minutes before the movie on why guacamole turns brown. But any group large enough to trample Sheldon to death is his limit. ("36 adults or 70 children.") Penny (Kaley Cuoco) comes in and says that she was scared once, too. But the world looks a lot different on a haystack in the back of a Ford F-150 as a part of the Corn Queen's Court.SHELDON: Thank you, and I'll bear that in mind if I ever win the Hillbilly Peace Prize.Leonard thinks Sheldon is being ridiculous, but Sheldon wants to tell them a story. ("Where's 70 children when you need them?") Sheldon had to give a speech as valedictorian of his college...at 14...and his heart started pounding in his chest, his vision became blurry, and...well, we don't know what happened next because he just fainted.The gang comes up with a solution: they'll be his team...the X-Men to Sheldon's Professor Xavier. Penny's power will be to buy him a nice suit to give him confidence. Leonard's power will be to analyze him thanks to his mother's psychiatry doctorate and the fact he spend so long in therapy for being a co-dependent breast feeder. Raj whispers to Howard some "Indian meditation crap." Sheldon assumes they've saved the best for last. Howard (Simon Helberg)?HOWARD: My power is my ability to pretend to give a damn about your piddly-assed problems.PENNY: So, can we be your X-Men?SHELDON: The name X-Men is for the X in Charles Xavier. Since I am Sheldon Cooper, you'll be my C-Men.Raj is up first to have Sheldon goes through some Indian meditation exercises to help him overcome his fears. ("And yet you can't talk to women?") Raj tells him to look for a place that gives him peace. That place: Sim City's Sheldonopolis. Where he can get a sweater from Shel-Mart in Sheldon Square, where he gets a 15% discount, even though he owns it. All is well, until Godzilla attacks Sheldonopolis and the people have to run! As does Raj.Penny is up to bat next. Sheldon wonders how a new suit will prevent him from passing out. Penny says when she feels stressed out, she buys a fun skirt or a cute top to give her a whole new outlook.SHELDON: Don't you eventually realize you're just the same stressed-out person in a fun top or a cute skirt?PENNY: That's when I buy shoes.Several scary attempts at Sheldon choosing something he likes, which includes one that could double as a chessboard, he finds a suit that wows the ladies in the live audience. ("This suit is absurd. I look like a clown.")Next up is Leonard, who has the notepad out and is asking questions. Sheldon doesn't like the "how are you" questions, and dream interpretation got a little weird. ("I was a giant, but everything around me was to scale.") Sheldon's answers to the inkblot tests were a bat, a bat, a bat, and his father killing his mother with a hypodermic (and they didn't even need the cards). Last try: The Adler Inferiority Complex. Leonard thinks Sheldon might subconsciously think he doesn't deserve the award. He cites an example from his youth about giving back a ribbon he won for seeing if lima beans grew better with classical music when his mother pointed out his older brother did a lima beans growing worse with rock n roll music experiment already. However, she pointed this out at the awards ceremony in front of everybody.SHELDON: And how did that make you feel?LEONARD: Terrible. I worked really hard on that project. I stayed up all night singing the clown's aria from Pagliacci to a lima bean sprout.SHELDON: Go on.LEONARD: I've never seen my brother's project. She could have told me beforehand.SHELDON: So I hear you saying you're angry with your mother.LEONARD: (crying) Damn right I'm angry with my mother. I was eight years old! She humiliated me! That's when the bedwetting started again!Sheldon is cured. If someone like Leonard can crawl out of bed every morning, he ought to be able to face a room full of people.At the banquet, Leonard introduces Sheldon. Leonard first reads a letter that Sheldon's mother sent him.LEONARD: She's so proud of him! Wonder what that's like. "Dear Shelly." Shelly is his pet name. (pause) You know what my mother's pet name for me was? Leonard!Sheldon is getting nervous, but Penny hands him some wine to make him calm. Then, another. And another. He has time as Leonard works out his issues on the dais. Sheldon is ready...and feeling no pain.SHELDON: Thanks, Shorty. I'll take it from here. Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same side! Hello? I know you're out there! I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling carbon dioxide!In the morning, the hangovers are evident. Sheldon comes out with no pants. But apparently it's on YouTube under "Physicist Melts Down." And just when Sheldon thinks it can't be any more humiliating...SHELDON: And now for the astronomers in the audience, get ready to see the dark side of the moon. Annnnnd....HERE'S URANUS!
