Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was mad that everyone didn't RSVP to his murder-mystery dinner party. Which was last week, so he was even more mad about that. However, he soldiered on and suggested a scavenger hunt. This got a warmer reception because Howard (Simon Helberg) used to do them at M.I.T. and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) used to do them at Princeton. And Sheldon (Jim Parsons) got a good laugh at the two of them thinking those were real schools. Amy (Mayim Bialik) would have done them at Harvard, but she always got stuck on the first task: getting someone to be her partner. Even Penny (Kaley Cuoco) has been on scavenger hunts with her friends...although their goal was mainly to get beer. So everybody was in.SHELDON: Sorry, are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali like at the dinner party?Sheldon was prepared with an entire backpack of items for the scavenger hunt, even a bowling ball since he didn't want to have to stick his fingers in one in case the hunt took them to a bowling alley. Raj was ready to introduce them to the game...complete with smoke, P.A. system, flashing lights, and Get Ready 4 This by 2 Unlimited. (As Sheldon's students once said, KMN for knowing that without looking it up.) There were to be three teams of 2. The teams had to solve 10 different puzzles to find a gold coin (coin! coin! coin!...Raj had an echo button) Couples were suggested, but then Leonard thought picking names out of a hat would be even more fun. Which Penny immediately took offense to, thinking he didn't want her on his team. (PENNY: You think I'm going to be a liability, even though I totally used the word 'liability' correctly in a sentence.) She decided to choose Sheldon. (SHELDON: Really? The first time I'm ever picked first for a team and I'm stuck with the liability?) Amy plays peacemaker and Penny asks the two of them to be a team. And drawing names out of a hat it is.(This, of course, was an attempt by the producers to pair up characters on the show that normally don't get paired up, so Leonard and Bernadette were on a team, as were Howard and Amy, leaving Penny and Sheldon on the last team. But at least they've hugged.)The first task was to solve a jigsaw puzzle. Sheldon didn't like the fact Penny was putting pieces together that weren't edges and made her start all over again. Amy was quite good at them, her mother having told her a jigsaw puzzle was like having "a thousand friends." (AMY: She was full of fun lies like that.) Amy figures Howard would have rather been with Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), but Howard wasn't. Bernadette could get a little...competitive. (worse than Monica on Friends (1994) if you can believe it) And Leonard was finding this out the hard way. (BERNADETTE: FASTER! FASTER! FASTER! You know what that word means? MORE FAST!) The puzzle tells them to go to the comic book store, but Sheldon refuses to go until they put every last piece of the puzzle together, thinking it could be a trick and they should go to the train store. And he puts in every last piece...and it was the comic book store. On the way, Leonard laments Penny still being mad at him for not wanting to be on her team and Bernadette was even more mad at Leonard for keeping his car under Warp 9. Meanwhile, Howard and Amy tried to figure out what they had in common. Not much, although both of them liked music, so Howard let her pick the song.AMY: Beatles? Boring. Eminem? Scary. Weird Al? How old are you? Neil Diamond?HOWARD: Yeah. I love Neil Diamond.AMY: I love Neil Diamond.HOWARD/AMY: (a few seconds later) SWEET CAROLINE! (BA BA BAAA!!) GOOD TIMES NEVER SEEMED SO GOOD. (SO GOOD! SO GOOD! SO GOOD!)Raj thanks Stuart (Kevin Sussman) for loaning out the comic book store, and Stuart was so happy to help out at something he wasn't invited to take part in. (Raj even forgot to invite him to the murder mystery parties.) Howard and Amy arrive first and get their next clue from a cardboard cutout of The Riddler. While they look over the clue, Bernadette chased Leonard into the store. (BERNADETTE: How am I faster than you? I'm in heels, AND I stopped to take a phone call!) She wouldn't even let him apologize to Penny and Sheldon as they arrived last, but Sheldon briefly looks at the clue and already has it. Everyone else then gets it and takes off.STUART: (everybody's gone) So, nobody's going to buy anything.The next stop is a geology lab, where Sheldon explains how he figured out the clue so fast. (and for those whining about no science stuff on the show anymore, he went into a three-minute explanation that would take too long to type here, so deal with it!) As the clue said to leave no stone unturned, Penny and Sheldon look under every rock. But then Penny figures out the clue was behind the big Rolling Stones poster on the wall. Sheldon memorizes the map coordinates behind it, and they were off. To a bowling alley. (SHELDON: YES! MY BRAIN IS BETTER THAN EVERYBODY'S!) Meanwhile, as Howard and Amy continued to enjoy their Neil Diamond concert in the car (and checked out the geology lab singing Love on the Rocks), Bernadette took over the driving because Leonard was still moping about Penny being mad at him. He was ready to quit, but Bernadette told him if he did that, he would be exactly what Penny thought he was.BERNADETTE: How can I put this? She's been known to call you a name that usually applies to a lady part. Or a cat. Or a willow.It motivated Leonard to rappel down the elevator shaft in their building to get the next clue. Up was a bit of a problem. (LEONARD: Yeah, Penny might be onto something.)SHELDON/PENNY: To the planetarium! Let's go!LEONARD/BERNADETTE: To the tarpits! Let's go!AMY/HOWARD: There's a Neil Diamond concert next month. Let's go!They end up in the laundry room, where three bags of laundry await the teams. Naturally, Sheldon thinks it's Penny's turn to do the work. And Bernadette wasn't happy with Leonard for slowing down for that blind person, but Leonard was more upset with Penny for calling him...he couldn't say it in front of Sheldon. Penny didn't know what Leonard was talking about, mainly because Bernadette made the whole story up.BERNADETTE: You were about to quit like a big...Sheldon, cover your ears!SHELDON: I am not a child! I know the word ninny!Bernadette wished she had someone more manly on her team...like Penny. (LEONARD: Hey, I am every bit of a man as Penny!) They finally get the clothing out to discover it's all pants except for a single shirt. One of Sheldon's shirts, in fact. And each shirt had a spot on it. Yup, Sheldon's spot was the final destination. While Sheldon pre-soaked his soiled shirts, everybody else high-tailed it up the stairs and dug through the couch where Sheldon always sat. Then Raj came out in a Hugh Hefner-like robe with a glass of brandy, telling everyone to look in their pockets. Everybody had a gold coin that Raj slipped into their pockets earlier in the day. (RAJ: Don't you see? When we're all having fun together, we're already winners!) Penny looked like she was about to go junior rodeo on Raj and Bernadette was breathing fire.BERNADETTE: You suck...SO hard!RAJ: Come on! I didn't want anybody to feel bad at the end of the game. And some of those puzzles were really hard and I didn't know who was going to get Penny.PENNY: (readying the farm implements) Run...run to India.RAJ: (running for his life) I just wanted to do something beautiful!SHELDON: (coming up the stairs with his coin) Hey, look! I won!Who were the real winners? Not the customers at The Cheesecake Factory, who had to endure Howard and Amy singing Cherry, Cherry
