Penny (Kaley Cuoco) works the lunch shift today but at least gets eight pounds of about-to-go-bad salmon for her efforts. If only she knew how to cook it. Probably should have gone for the iffy chicken. As Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) were going to watch  tonight, since Leonard had only seen it on Blu-Ray twice ("I know, it's high-resolution sadness."), Penny invites him to go to the movies with her. He's hesitant, as they never spent time together by themselves since the breakup. But Penny doesn't see it as a date, just a man and a woman hanging out and not having sex at the end of the night. ("Sounds like most of my dates.") They hear screaming from Sheldon, who is trying to shoo a bluejay off of his window ledge. Apparently, Sheldon has Ornithophobia, a fear of birds. Which he is certain will be recognized as a true disability, requiring the building management to put up a net around the whole structure. (BTW, he's afraid of nets, too.) Although it certainly makes up Leonard's mind as to going out with Penny to the movies. Animal Control's advice of making cat sounds doesn't seem to work, and Sheldon tried a drawing of a cat...that he may have drawn when he was six. ("What am I thinking? Whiskers!")Since Leonard and Penny aren't dating, there's something of a debate on which movie to watch. Penny wants to watch the latest  movie, but Leonard wants to watch a documentary regarding a dam being built in South America. Of course, Leonard realizes he always let Penny pick the movies while they were dating since it was how he got to have sex with her, and since they weren't going to have sex, it was his turn. ("To this day, I can't see a Sandra Bullock movie poster without getting both bored and aroused.")PENNY: We were going out. You would have gotten sex anyway.LEONARD: Really? You would have slept with me after a three-hour documentary on dams?PENNY: No. No woman would.Penny finally caves...and Leonard wants $11 for her ticket. ("Not a date.")The movie is delayed, much to the consternation of Howard (Simon Helberg) and Raj (Kunal Nayyar), because the bluejay just won't leave. (HOWARD: If we don't start soon, George Lucas is going to change it again.) But Sheldon wants Howard to help him set up a high-frequency tone generator to frighten off the bird. They try it out...and shatter the window. (No, the bluejay doesn't fly off.) Sheldon has spent a lifetime being harassed by birds, from a hummingbird who tried to get at the apple juice in his sippy cup as a baby to a parrot in a pet store who called him a fat ass. He finally decides to try something more drastic: he dons his Boba Fett helmet and shoo the bird off with a broom. And the bird flies off...into the apartment. And sits on Sheldon's spot.Penny and Leonard's non-date is going great...for Leonard. He decides to order some fries and insists Penny orders her own instead of picking at his. While he's gone, she accidentally bumps the person next to her and starts talking to him. He's a playwright writing a screenplay about a guy who has sex and tells his roommate to go to a bar to write his screenplay. Not that high on the Hollywood pecking order, but Penny decides to talk to him anyway. Kevin, however, wants to get Penny get back to her date, which she says this wasn't, which Leonard reluctantly agrees to. Penny moves over to Kevin's table while Leonard looks on. As it turns out, Penny seeing that documentary was quite an "in" with Kevin. Leonard pulls her aside and thinks she's talking to Kevin on purpose. However, Penny thinks Kevin is cute with "his dorky t-shirt and hipster glasses." (click)PENNY: But when you're tall and have high cheekbones, you're doing it ironically.Leonard threatens to go talk to some girls in the bar, and Penny tells him to go do that. If only they weren't in a group...Sheldon calls in some biology experts to deal with the bird. Of course, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) deals in microorganisms and Amy (Mayim Bialik) studies brains, so they weren't sure how Sheldon thought they were experts on bird-shooing. Bernadette thinks the bluejay is cute, and the bluejay feels likewise about her. Sheldon still wants them to flush the bird down the toilet. Amy points out the only way to get over his fear is to interact with the bird...just like he did with the mailman.SHELDON: Every year, tens of people are killed by birds. I don't want to become a statistic.Bernadette insisted Sheldon interact with the bluejay. (BERNADETTE: Just pet the bird, you big baby!) Sheldon does, and he is enthralled. (SHELDON: OK, now flush him down the toilet.)Leonard finally finds a woman to talk to, telling her his interests included hiking, singing karaoke in Korea Town, and Jennifer Aniston movies. Of course, those were Penny's interests, but they seemed to work. Penny returns and wants to hang out with Leonard since Kevin took off, but obviously now the tables are turned. Leonard encourages her to go talk to some guys. Penny will not take this lying down, so she tells Laura (the woman Leonard was chatting up), that Leonard owns two Star Trek uniforms and wears them. ("Not just for Halloween.") Leonard protests, saying he didn't tell Kevin that Penny thought cold wars were only fought in winter. Penny concedes that, so she promised not to tell Laura that half the porn Leonard owned was animated. Leonard reminded her he didn't tell Kevin about her long acting role as a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.PENNY: (ticked off) What about your lucky asthma inhaler?LEONARD: (equally ticked) Spell asthma.Penny demands Leonard take her home, but he wants to hang out with...never mind, Laura took off. They do apologize to each other after a very uncomfortable walk up the stairs.Sheldon did a complete 180 with the bird, saying how magnificent it was and even asked Bernadette to take a picture of him and the bluejay that could go on a mug, a mousepad, and a calendar. Sheldon is all lovey-dovey with the bird.AMY: (jealous) Guess you gotta have hollow bones to get some sugar around here.Sheldon goes to open the window to get Lovey-Dovey (yes, he named it that) a nest for him to sleep in, and the bird flew out of the apartment. Sheldon was devastated; he already ordered 20 pounds of bird feed off of Amazon. But there was some good news: based on the egg in the nest, Sheldon was going to be a mommy.
