As faculty at the university, Leonard (Johnny Galecki), Howard (Simon Helberg), and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) had to come up with some ideas for the university committee they were on, which was to encourage women to think about careers in science. Leonard figured they could get it over with or just bitch and whine about it. (HOWARD: I got whine. SHELDON: I got the 'b' word.) Leonard doesn't want it to be like school all over again, where the smart kid in the group does all the work. (HOWARD: If I was any good at convincing women to do stuff, I wouldn't have spent so much of my 20s in the shower.) Sheldon thinks people should do things for themselves, like when Leonard drove him to the pharmacy, the dry cleaners, and the post office. Leonard thinks refusing to do this is being sexist, but both Sheldon and Howard protest...as they play their videogame with big-breasted heroines. Finally Leonard's had enough and challenges Sheldon to prove he's as smart as he always says he is. Surprisingly, Sheldon steps up to the plate and thinks they have to talk to women while they're in middle school because by the time they get to college they've already made their minds up. Leonard thinks he was onto something, and Howard figures he can use his influence as a NASA astronaut to get a talk arranged at his old middle school. Sheldon isn't sure how to give a talk about science to a bunch of schoolgirls. But that's what Google is for.SHELDON: (typing) How do I get twelve-year-old girls excited?LEONARD/HOWARD: NOOOO!!!!!Meanwhile Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was thanking Penny (Kaley Cuoco), Amy (Mayim Bialik), and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) for letting him crash girls' night. He even brought fondue and wine.(PENNY: I've slept with guys for less. What? It's a joke...based on real events.) Raj wanted to pick their brains on how to date Lucy (Kate Micucci) when she has serious social anxiety. Amy's suggestion of finding a dangerous place to go, such as picnicking near a lunatic asylum or a wine tasting on skid row, didn't fly that well. Bernadette suggested riding Space Mountain at Disneyland, so Lucy would get scared and hold onto him. Although Penny advised him that the ride was much shorter than you think and they take your picture at the end, so get the clothes back on quickly. (PENNY: It's a joke!...based on real events.)RAJ: Disneyland? I don't know. With the crowds and all the weird characters walking around, it reminds me too much of India.Suggesting they go on a weekday to avoid the crowds gets the ladies agreeing to play hooky from work one day and going.AMY: Play hooky? My mom said that's how girls end up addicted to reefer and jazz music.PENNY: More like how girls end up at a Best Western motel with a 34-year-old guy named Luther.BERNADETTE: Joke?PENNY: (shrugs) I can laugh about it now.And they kind of forget Raj's problem. Which was OK, since none of them had any other good suggestions for him.Leonard, Sheldon, and Howard make it to his old middle school, where Howard still gets pushed around by the bigger kids. Leonard introduces himself and the guys and tries to make science sound very exciting to the middle school girls. I emphasize try. Quite honestly, it looked more like a stand-up comedian doing his act in a club with only two people in it...both of whom were heckling him. Leonard's attempts to sound like the host of an open mic night notwithstanding, he brings up Sheldon, who tells the girls about Madam Curie. She was a hero to science, until her hair fell out, her vomit and stool became full of blood, and she was killed by her own discovery of radiation. (SHELDON: With a little hard work, I see no reason why that can't happen to any of you.) Next up was Howard, who talked about being an astronaut. He didn't go to the moon, he went to the International Space Station. He also didn't get to drive the rocket there or back; he was just along for the ride. So according to one of the students, he was just like her uncle, who was a flight attendant. (HOWARD: The difference being I'm an American hero while your uncle brings people nuts!) Well, Leonard can't do any worse. Or so we thought. One student asks how he got into science and he tells her both of his parents were scientists, so he was kind of led in that direction.LEONARD: Well, pushed would be more like it. (getting depressed) To be honest, when I was your age, I wanted to be a rap star. Like Snoop Dogg but with a healthy respect for the police. (the students laugh) Oh, you laugh. Just like my mother did. (starts rapping) After I confided, I was derided and chided. My mom said I collided, she said my dreams were misguided. (yes it was that bad)Much to Penny's dismay, Amy and Bernadette wanted to do princess makeovers instead of getting drunk and riding the rides. Bernadette called Cinderella "because this was my idea, I'm driving, and I'm going to be Cinderella. And if you bitches have a problem with that, we can stop the car now!" Meanwhile, Raj sets up a picnic basket at a library for his date with Lucy. After getting rid of the creepy guy who is a little awkward, too, Lucy wonders what he's doing. He takes out his phone and sends her a text: they were having a texting date. And she text back that she loves the idea. But Raj advises her over text that she should remember he has an adorable accent. Not to worry, she totally digs the date. Raj wants to know what she does for a living, and she texts she's in web design. Raj asks if she did anything he would have seen.LUCY: (texting) You ever look at porn websites?RAJ: (texting uncomfortably) No, never. What is porn?LUCY: (texting) Sorry, Autocorrect. That was supposed to say PROM websites.RAJ: (texting happily) Fun! I love prom! The romance, the gowns! It's like a fairy tale come to life! (oops) Sorry, Autocorrect. That was supposed to say "I like sports."The talk on encouraging the girls to take up science is crashing and burning very quickly. (LEONARD: I never wanted to play the cello! How do you meet girls playing the cello? 'Hey, wanna come over to my house and listen to me play an instrument that sounds like a suicidal bumblebee?') But once again, Sheldon comes up with a solution. He decides the girls should talk to two ACTUAL female scientists, so he calls Amy and Bernadette to talk to the girls.AMY: The world of science needs more women, but from a young age, we girls are encouraged to care more about the way we look than the power of our minds. (as she fixes her lipstick in her full Snow White attire)BERNADETTE: That's true. Any of you has the capacity to be anything you want to be.PENNY: (not happy about being Sleeping Beauty) Unless you want to be Cinderella.BERNADETTE: (pissed) Come at me! See what happens!Raj and Lucy's date has to come to an end since her battery was dying out, so she told Raj (by actually saying it) she enjoyed the date, even though she was scared to be there. So she decided she'd try one more scary thing and kiss Raj. She got close and...maybe next time! (she ran out) But Raj counted that as foreplay.Back at home, we find out why Bernadette fought so hard to be Cinderella. Howard comes home and she has a surprise for him. (HOWARD: Please be Cinderella, please be Cinderella...). And he goes the full Prince Charming on her. As for Penny, she tried to explain to Leonard they did princess makeovers, but he had half his clothes off before she could even say she was Sleeping Beauty. And Snow White lay on the couch, waiting for her kiss from Sheldon.SHELDON: I heard you the first time.
