Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) are enjoying a nice movie on the couch, although I would never have pegged either of them to enjoy the Eric Bana/Jennifer Connelly version of Hulk (2003). (Really, outside of Munich (2005), what has Eric Bana done, and Jennifer has looked horrible since she went heroin-chic with her figure.) But Leonard wants to know why Sheldon isn't hanging out with Amy Fowler (Mayim Bialik). Sheldon doesn't feel the need to have that sort of closeness with Amy, although he certainly has no problem rubbing it in Leonard's face that he's in a relationship (with a girl, who's a friend, who's not his girlfriend) while Leonard is not. Sheldon even chuckles nowadays, something he wonders why Leonard does not. Perhaps it's because Leonard has the impunction to be social with a member of the opposite sex, which Sheldon is all too happy to point out to him. Sheldon even suggests what they did for his Meemaw: take him to a center three times a week to socialize...if Leonard likes bridge.At the comic book store, Sheldon's theory of Leonard's jealousy takes on substance. Leonard points out that Howard (Simon Helberg) assigned Bernadette (and welcome to the official cast, Melissa Rauch) her own ringtone (Bernadette by The Four Tops, natch) to rub their noses in it that he has a girlfriend and we don't.RAJ: You mean you don't.Apparently, Raj (Kunal Nayyar) found the solution to getting a girl even though he can't talk to them: deaf chick! What? ("That's what she said.") Even Stuart, the comic book store owner, has a girlfriend. (If she ever puts on her plus-size Wonder Woman costume, go the other way.) Perhaps Leonard's psychological state is producing a pheremonal "stink of desperation." At least that's Amy's theory, who is in videoconference with Sheldon. While Leonard was sleeping on the couch. Leonard did suggest Sheldon have more contact with Amy, so he can't whine about this. Amy suggests a bar for Leonard, but Sheldon correctly points out picking up women in a bar requires feats of manliness, strength, and the ability to hold down liquor and/or throw darts. Although juice bars, salad bars, and sushi bars might be more Leonard's speed. And that'll do it for Leonard. Amy then asks Sheldon if he'll meet her mother. And that'll do it for Sheldon. Sheldon chases after Leonard to ask him what it means.LEONARD: Well, you know how you're always saying Amy's a girl who's your friend but not your girlfriend?SHELDON: Uh-huh?LEONARD: You can't say that anymore.Leonard tells Sheldobn Amy wants to take it to the next level, and Sheldon wants to stay on the current level. And his idea of giving Amy to Leonard doesn't go over very well. ("You're right, Amy will never go for that. Amy thinks you're tedious.")Leonard is apparently really desperate, as he wore an Apple shirt to make it look like he worked at the Genius Bar. He goes to Howard to invoke his "girlfriend pact" with Howard to get Bernadette to fix him up with someone. Howard will be happy to do it, as his mother is doing a cleanse for her colonoscopy. ("HOW MUCH WATER CAN THERE BE IN ONE TOCHES???")Leonard is prepared for his date with Bernadette's friend, while Sheldon removes his digital footprint to hide from Amy. He also changed his mobile phone number and the address of the building. Of course, Amy's been there before. ("The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan!") Sheldon goes to hide while begging Leonard to cover for him. Sheldon makes sure Leonard has a good lie ready.LEONARD: (answers door) Hi, Amy. Sheldon's not here.AMY: OK. (leaves)Bernadette's friend, Joy, arrives from her spin class, and she needs to use her napkin to dry her armpits. But she's hilarious! Bernadette knows Joy from their Israeli Krav Maga class. ("Basically 100 different ways to rip a guy's nuts off.") And enjoys lobster on the date's dime. And belching said lobster. And announcing she had asparagus right before going to the bathroom. (God, even I wouldn't date her.) Leonard's not happy with the date, especially given there's 93 ways Joy hasn't tried to rip his nuts off yet.HOWARD: I was once robbed by a pre-op transsexual once on J-Date, and that doesn't even crack my Top Ten.Leonard is ready to bail, until Joy asks him to her cousin's wedding the following weekend...with an open bar so she planned to give him the green light. He's in!Sheldon wants to head out for the night, only Amy never left the building and is waiting for him. He tries going down in disguise...without saying the secret word and collecting $100...but Amy realizes how meeting her mother could be misconstrued. She was only introducing Sheldon to get her mother off her back. They videoconference with her mother, and Sheldon assures her he's having wild, hot intercourse with her daughter. That seemed to work. Sheldon even offers it to Amy. BAZINGA!
