The boys are up on the roof (no, not the song) doing a lunar ranging experiment. And Raj (Kunal Nayyar) will happily give back the telescope after he's done watching The Good Wife (2009) on someone's TV. (It's his new Grey's Anatomy (2005).) Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thinks Penny (Kaley Cuoco) would like to be up here to see this. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) didn't realize Penny had an interest in lunar ranging.SHELDON: Although the retro-reflector left by Neil Armstrong on the moon could qualify as a shiny object.Of course, she won't come up because she and Leonard were in different places in the relationship. Or as Howard (Simon Helberg) put it, she dumped him.Leonard decides to go tell her they're on the roof bouncing laser beams off the moon and wondered if she wanted to see it. However, Zack, her date, wonders how you can bounce stuff on the moon if there's no gravity. But he wants to see it anyway, and everybody awkwardly goes up to the roof. Zack apparently designs the menus for the Cheesecake Factory. There's a lot of science in it, but he'll figure out that stuff after he determines that the elevator doesn't work on any of the floors. Leonard tries to explain what's going on, as the guys are are bouncing lasers off of the reflectors left by the Apollo 11 astronauts.ZACK: But how can you be sure it won't blow it up? The moon?SHELDON: See? Now THIS is a man for Penny.Leonard quickly gets him away and they fire the laser. 2.5 seconds later, the reflector on the roof records it. The guys are happy.ZACK: That's it? That's your big experiment?LEONARD: Don't you see what we've done? It's the only definitive proof that a species put objects on the moon. A species that only 60 years before had just invented the airplane.ZACK: What species is that?SHELDON: I was wrong. Penny could do better.Howard suggests getting Leonard an online dating profile. He's had 8 dates in the last month, 12 if you count the ones that just show up and leave. (Better record than me, sadly.) As Sheldon "orders" Leonard to go get a heavy nitrogen tank down from the roof, Raj comes up with the idea of making an online dating profile for Sheldon. It's an experiment, like when Frankenstein's monster was lonely and they found him a wife.During the night, a drunk Penny bangs on their apartment door and yells at Leonard for making her realize how stupid Zack was. Apparently, she's been having a hard time dating because she now factors intelligence into her potential suitors.PENNY: You have destroyed my ability to tolerate idiots! Now let's go!LEONARD: Where are we going?PENNY: We're going to have sex!LEONARD: But why...I mean, OK.Sheldon has to break out the noise canceling headphones...per Penny's advice, because this was going to get loud.In the morning, Penny can't do her walk of shame without disturbing Sheldon. And his noise-canceling headphones were not enough last night. ("As a native Texan, I must say I've never heard the phrase 'yee-haw' used in quite that context.") Leonard can't walk out to the kitchen either. Sheldon tells him Penny went back to her apartment to shower and vomit...not necessarily in that order. And you feel an awkward moment coming on, don't you? Lenny and Penny have it as she runs off to work. Leonard wants to go dinner and a movie, and Penny tells him last night was a mistake. And not the good kind, like penicillin. She wants him to forget it, but the whole rodeo thing is kind of implanted on his brain. (Can't blame him; this is Kaley Cuoco we're talking about here.)LEONARD: So, that's it? Wham, bam, thank you Leonard? You used me for sex?!?!?Raj has the proof that aliens walk among us: the dating site matches Sheldon with a woman. An actual woman. And now Dr. Sheldon must send an email to his perfect match.It's time for Leonard to get his revenge. He wants payback sex, so he goes to Leslie Winkle (Sara Gilbert). They talk awkwardly for several minutes. He asks her since she had sex with him for fun, did she want to do that again? ("Blondie dumped you?") Since it's OK to have recreational sex with people they've known before, he asks her. She says she'll think about it...and slams the door in his face.The Bride of Frankenstein experiment is proceeding as expected. In other words, it's out of control. Sheldon's perfect match wants to meet him. Howard decides to resort to the truth. They got him a date with his perfect match for the next day. Of course, Sheldon thinks the algorithms used to determine the compatibility of potential mates is hokum, but that is literally the answer they gave when the questionnaire asked what they thought of online dating sites.RAJ: Even Spock had a date once every seven years.That still won't convince Sheldon. But Raj hid the dirty sock that freaked Sheldon out on the roof somewhere in the apartment and refuses to take it out unless Sheldon meets Amy Farrah Fowler (Mayim Bialik) tomorrow at 4:30.Leonard comes back to the apartment drunk off his ass and goes to Penny's.LEONARD: I was a perfectly happy geeky, lonely little guy, and you ruined it for me! Come on, we're going to have sex and it's not going to mean a thing.PENNY: Are you out of your mind?!?! (throws him out)LEONARD: I really think there's a double-standard here. (Gee, ya think?)At the coffee shop, Sheldon is going over the ways he'll react when this experiment is a failure...either a "told you so" with a "neener-neener" or a haughty look of derision. And then Amy shows up, who agreed to date once a year just to keep her mother off her back and shares Sheldon's aversion to soiled hosiery. And all forms of physical contact up to and including coitus are off the table.SHELDON: (impressed) Can I buy you a beverage?Howard and Raj are shocked. HOWARD: Good Lord, what have we done?
