Sheldon (Jim Parsons) hasn't given up working on making up songs to get kids interested in science. As Howard (Simon Helberg) likes science, music, and making fun of Sheldon, he was all-in. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) really wasn't into the songs, and torching The Itsy Bitsy Spider didn't help. But Raj (Kunal Nayyar) had a great project: developing a message to be transmitted into space in the hopes that alien races receive it. The guys thought it was an awesome project...and Sheldon and Howard hand all of their ideas to Raj without him getting a word in. Therefore, Raj picked Leonard to help him. At Raj's place, Leonard and Raj both admitted that Sheldon and Howard tended to take over things. (LEONARD: Just this morning, Sheldon wouldn't let me put almond milk on my Grape Nuts because he thought it would create a theoretical nut conflict.) Yes, Leonard caved and used club soda. They admit they were Alpha Males and Leonard and Raj were Omega Males, who get beat up by all the letters of the Greek alphabet.I don't think any running gag has been played so much and remained fresh like the three-knock cadence Sheldon does. Only Penny (Kaley Cuoco) did it today. She meant it as a joke, but by the third one, she was starting to like it. She went to Sheldon to ask for advice on whether she should audition for a big movie role, but Sheldon refused to give her an answer even though he had one. He was told he interjected too much into other people's lives and was cutting back. Plus, acting was not one of the topics he wanted to discuss. Trains, on the other hand, he was happy to do. So Penny asked him if she should take train #1, which would lead her to an audition or take train #2 back to Bernadette's pharmaceutical company where she worked as a successful rep.SHELDON: Are you using trains to trick me into advice?PENNY: (pause) No.SHELDON: All right, then.Sheldon suggested a third option: go to the audition but make no other decision other than that. Penny agreed, given she was worried about something that hadn't even happened yet.SHELDON: Why didn't you ask Leonard for advice?PENNY: I already know what he'd say. Waa waa waa, you shouldn't do it.SHELDON: (cracking up) It's like he's here!Leonard and Raj were actually making progress. They knew previous attempts to send messages failed because there wasn't a delivery system dynamic enough to cover all possibilites that the aliens could be, such as communication, tactile touch, etc. Raj figured if E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982) could make a communication device with an umbrella and a Speak-and-Spell, they should be able to it. So after five minutes of crying over E.T. almost dying in the movie, they come up with a way to communicate without the aliens needing any equipment.RAJ: You're right. Bees communicate through dancing, whales have their songs...LEONARD: Penny has 20 different ways of rolling her eyes, each of which means something different...Raj thinks they can make a video playing device that also communicates with a 3-D tactile touch system. It's innovative! It's brilliant!! It's exactly the idea Sheldon and Howard came up with.While Sheldon continued to torture Howard with his science songs, Raj came to apologize and invite the two back on the team. Howard wasn't going to let it go, and Sheldon caught up a few seconds later. Raj and Leonard admitted Howard and Sheldon's idea would work, and Leonard suggested they work on it tonight. Sheldon berated him for not letting Raj decide, so Raj decided right now. And that night worked better for him, too.Penny tried to psych herself up outside the audition room to try out for the role. She wondered why she gave up acting in the first place. Then she saw the twenty blondes auditioning for the same role and got her answer. She admitted this much to Amy and Bernadette later that night. (PENNY: The whole experience reminded me of how much I hated that world. The anxiety, the depression, the negativity. I don't want to feel those things. I want to sell drugs to people who feels those things.) Penny walked right out of that audition...right after she read for it and stunk it up. But at least Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) was happy Penny liked her job more, and Penny even thanked Bernadette for getting her the job. And agreed to take her out to dinner...after a few more-than-direct hints from Bernadette. Oh, and Amy (Mayim Bialik) was invited, mainly because she heard the conversation and it would be awkward not to invite her.Raj tried to lead the guys through how they should proceed, but Sheldon interrupted by saying they should order dinner. And Howard built on that by wanting Chinese. And Sheldon built on that by talking about a build-your-own pizza place. Leonard tried to defend Raj but he had to tell them he was lactose intolerant. Finally they got down to a few ideas, but showing a naked man and woman like the Voyager probe didn't wasn't appealing, particularly when Sheldon said we were too squishy...and squeezed Leonard for emphasis. Eventually, it devolved into who should be in charge. The guys argued that they didn't always include each other in their adventures, such as Howard taking Sheldon to NASA, Leonard and Sheldon going to Skywalker Ranch, or Sheldon spending the day with James Earl Jones. So Sheldon thought he should be in charge.Oh, and aliens did get the message starring Sheldon. And they thought they could have a bite to eat.
