Did you know in Mystic Warlords of Ka'a you can make up your own cards? Apparently, Infinite Sheldon beats all others. And it isn't cheating, since the card isn't homemade: Sheldon (Jim Parsons) printed it at work. And Sheldon continues to wonder why nobody wants to play with him. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Zack came to the apartment, and Penny gave Leonard (Johnny Galecki) his copy of Science magazine, which featured a planet on the cover, according to Zack. According to the right answer, it was an atom. ("Agree to disagree...") And Zack discovered a show on the Discovery Channel that showed a starfish being killed and coming back to life.SHELDON: Was the starfish wearing boxer shorts? Because you might have been watching Nickelodeon.Zack also knows dolphins may be smarter than people. ("Smarter than SOME people.") Penny is none too happy with the guys for bullying Zack, despite Howard's (Simon Helberg) protestations that they didn't give Zack a swirly and his butt crack remained underwear-free. Leonard goes to apologize, and the rest of the guys go to see him get beat up. As a peace offering, Leonard invites him to the comic book store, where apparently Zack is really into the Archie comics, and admittedly, I did not know Archie now had two universes where he was married to Betty in one and Veronica in the other. (Lucky bastard.) Stuart, the comic book shop owner, is equally surprised by Zack being there, but he asks the guys if they're coming to the shops New Year's Eve costume party. The guys will attend as the Justice League of America...if Leonard doesn't show up as Superman again.LEONARD: Hey, I got new boots this year! Guaranteed to add three inches!SHELDON: That's sad.To win the costume contest, Sheldon's idea is to have Zack be Superman. Which means Leonard claims Green Lantern, and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) is relegated to playing Aqua-Man. ("Aqua-Man sucks! Aqua-Man sucks underwater! He sucks fish pee!") Of course, one little problem: what to do about Penny? Sheldon already has the solution: she's Wonder Woman.SHELDON: Complete with bullet-proof bracelets and Lasso of Truth! Invisible plane sold separately.Penny protests, but Bernadette is in quarantine for doing jello shots out of some questionable petri dishes, and Amy refuses to dress in any kind of costume.HOWARD: (off Raj's whisper) He says he'll wear it if you'll be Aqua-Man.Everybody arrives late, and Sheldon (as The Flash) is pacing nervously...by jogging very quickly back and forth through the entire apartment, since that's what The Flash would do. He even runs to the Grand Canyon to scream in anger. Howard was late because he couldn't get Raj's Aqua-Man seahorse on his scooter. But look! Up in the sky!ZACK: It's a bird! It's a plane!...I forget the rest.And Penny arrivesSHELDON: I'm sorry, but in what universe is Wonder Woman a blonde?HOWARD: Relax, nobody's gonna be looking at her hair. (gets punched by Penny) Ow! (lower pitch) Oww....Zack tells her there was a brunette wig with the costume, but Penny refuses to wear it.ZACK: Uh, honey. You're kind of embarrassing me in front of my friends here.PENNY: That's it. I'm not going.RAJ: (happily) Looks like someone else is going to have to be Wonder Woman!Penny refuses to talk to Zack, and Sheldon reassuring her the outfit doesn't make her look fat but "beefy," since all Amazon women are beefy to him, didn't help, either. Zack doesn't want to go without Penny, so the guys are forced to do the unthinkable...switch to Muppet Baby costumes! Howard suggests Leonard talk to Penny.LEONARD: What makes you think I can convince her?HOWARD: You got her to have sex with you! Obviously your superpower is brainwashing!LEONARD: Let me see if I'm understanding this correctly. You want me to convince my ex-girlfriend to attend a costume party with her new boyfriend just so we can win a stupid prize?!?SHELDON: Yes, and make her wear the black wig. Good luck.Penny does let him in and Leonard wanted to know why she was reacting so negatively to his attempts to befriend Zack. It turns out Penny only dated Zack so she would have someone to go out with on New Year's Eve, which she thinks is pathetic. And she says that to a guy dressing as Green Arrow for New Year's Eve.LEONARD: (sheepish) LanternPENNY: (annoyed) Like there's a difference.She just wanted one date at a club and that was it, but now the guys were involved, especially Leonard...and she stops herself before she gets any more personal in front of Leonard. She agrees to go and even wears the wig.Sure enough, the gang wins the costume prize over the other two Justice League of America groups. (not exactly high praise) Sheldon is ecstatic and has a speech, but everybody would rather count down the last ten seconds to New Year's. 2011 begins, and Zack and Penny kiss. And Leonard isn't happy. Truthfully, neither is Penny. But Zack sings the praises of the party on the way home. (Where Pasadena suddenly looks like Manhattan or downtown Chicago.) Right down to a car being broken into. The gang gives it some thought before deciding against helping out.And Sheldon needs to do that Grand Canyon thing again when Leonard lowers the temperature in the house.
