Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is busy at the whiteboards and not devising a way to catch the Roadrunner, as Leonard (Johnny Galecki) theorizes. Sheldon is calculating when he's going to die. ("A lot of people are working on that research.") Unfortunately, even taking out Uncle Carl's "death by badger" out of the longevity formula of the Cooper family tree, Sheldon will fall just short of the invention of the singularity: the point when man will be able to transfer their consciousness into machinery.LEONARD: So, you're upset about missing out on becoming some sort of freakish, self-aware robot.SHELDON: By this much!The unified field theory, cold fusion, and the dogopus (yes, it's what you think) will be created after Sheldon has left the planet. Even though he hates dogs, he could play fetch with eight different balls. ("No one can hate that!")As a result of Sheldon's panic, Thursday nights are now Cruciferous Vegetable Night instead of Pizza Night. And this week is Brussels Sprouts. Penny (Kaley Cuoco) asks why...and regrets it once again. Sheldon explains his plans to extend his life through diet and exercise.PENNY: So you want to turn yourself into some sort of robot? OK, here's my question: didn't you already do that?Jogging is Sheldon's choice for exercise, despite the fact his only experience in it is being chased by bullies and ticked off farm animals. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) suggests...using Howard (Simon Helberg) as a translator, naturally...that he should jog with Penny.SHELDON: That's an excellent idea. If we chat, it will create the illusion of time going faster!PENNY: (less than thrilled) No it won't.And Penny asks the second question of the evening she'll regret: how did Raj know Penny jogs? Stalking with high-powered binoculars is the reason...according to Howard. But apparently that's not true, so Raj will have to learn to talk to women to not seem so creepy.Unforunately for Sheldon...and Leonard, since Sheldon had to wake him up...he has to go to the hospital to get his appendix removed. Or it may have been the brussels sprouts, as Leonard finds out the hard way when he's standing behind Sheldon. But Sheldon hasn't given up on jogging, and Penny is ready to go. She stretches, he can't, and he falls down the stairs. Onto Penny. And the brussels sprouts decide to announce themselves yet again.SHELDON: If it's any help, Thursdays are no longer Cruciferous Vegetable NightLater, the gang enjoys Indian food, while Raj enjoys Chicken McNuggets. Penny has been a little short of cash, so Leonard again floats the meal for her, along with a dozen other meals, gas for her car, rent. She's up to $1400 on the meter, and Raj claims she doesn't even have to put out to get free stuff. Sheldon joins them...or should I say, SHEL-BOT! Bascially, it's a Segway with an LCD monitor and Sheldon's Green Lantern shirt on a hanger. (tasteful) Sheldon has conceded his body is too fragile for traditional methods of improving longevity. As a result, he'll remain in seclusion while interacting with the world via the Shel-Bot.HOWARD: (off Raj's whispered question) Really? That's your question? When did he put a ramp in?After Penny moves away from Shel-Bot's spot, Sheldon assures the gang they'll grow accustomed to dealing with Sheldon in this manner.PENNY: Honestly, I don't see much difference.Sheldon requiring Leonard to disassemble the Shel-Bot every day and take him to work is the proverbial last straw. While Penny negotiates the sale of her underwear to either Raj or Howard for $1,400...and they think about it...Leonard goes to talk to Sheldon.SHELDON: At my age, do you know I'm statistically most likely to die?LEONARD: At the hands of your roommate?SHELDON: An accident.LEONARD: Oh, that's how I'll make it look.Leonard refuses to help, but Sheldon proves it was in the roommate agreement. He even shows Leonard the paragraph...even highlighting it in yellow on the screen. Sheldon is enjoying the drive to work a lot more...especially since Shel-Bot was smart enough to call shotgun. But he does try to soothe Leonard with a video of a traditional Bavarian dance while playing the recorder. That didn't work, so Sheldon tries a 1911 picture of a discussion of radiation, with anachronisms Photoshopped in, and Leonard has to find them. Why doesn't Leonard just unplug Sheldon? He tries. But you know Sheldon prepared for that, right? And Sheldon's poorly-timed Bazinga! almost causes an auto accident only Leonard would suffer from.Leonard, Howard, Raj, and R2-D-Bag head to the Cheesecake Factory, and there may be a solution to the guys' problem. Penny refuses to wait on Shel-bot, but never mind that. The guys get to meet Steve Wozniak of Apple Computer fame. Even Penny knows who he is, since he was on Dancing with the Stars (2005). Sheldon tells Steve he still has an Apple II computer from 1977, despite the file limitations of the OS at the time. Steve offers to autograph it, and that gets Sheldon out of his bed. And to the stairs. And the atrophy in his legs from lying down for several days means he falls down the stairs and destroys the computer..Oh, by the way, Shel-Bot can do the three-knock-Penny cadence...sort of. But since Sheldon hurt his ankle and couldn't get out of bed, Sheldon wants her to sing "Soft Kitty" to Shel-Bot. That beats singing it to him in person, although she could have done without the recorder accompaniment.
