Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) need to espouse scientific discoveries doesn't stop just because Leonard (Johnny Galecki) is gone. He tells Penny (Kaley Cuoco) that because of the jet stream winds, bad weather can actually make the day longer. (PENNY: There must be a helluva storm coming.) It turns out it wasn't a storm; just Leonard waiting for her in her apartment. She is thrilled but wonders why he was in there. He got home a few days early and didn't tell Sheldon so he could spend them with her.PENNY: That is so romantic!LEONARD: Yeah, that's why I did it.Sheldon wanted to get Leonard something nice to welcome him home, so he asks for Stuart's (Kevin Sussman) advice at the comic book store. And he ends up with a $1,200 Aqua-Man statue and a $200 Bat-Man squirt gun. (and he wants Penny to split the cost on the squirt gun) Meanwhile, Howard (Simon Helberg) has been getting quite snippy and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) calls him on it. Howard has been trying to lose weight and just can't seem to lose those last couple of pounds.HOWARD: I had to buy these pants in the men's section!RAJ: Well, we've all seen your mother. That Butterball Turkey was bound to come home to roost eventually.Back at Penny's, Leonard showed her the picture of him doing the Titanic (1997) on the boat...and of the crew pulling him out of the water. Penny goes to pay for the pizza and promises in lieu of a bigger tip, she won't tell the delivery guy's boss he reeks of marijuana. But she had to cover herself as Sheldon came up the stairs and saw her. (SHELDON: That's a rather earthy cologne. My uncle used to wear that.) Sheldon wants to eat dinner with her, but she wanted to eat alone. Sheldon comes in anyway and hears the toilet flush. She claims it's faulty, but Sheldon thinks he can fix it, having spent a lot of the fifth grade with his head in the toilet. The two glasses of wine were much easier to explain.Howard gets home and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) made brownies for him. Which offended him to no end because she knew he was trying to lose weight. Bernadette didn't think he was fat, but either she or the bathroom scale was lying. He had a long dinner with his mother and had to apply estrogen cream on her back. (HOWARD: We have an unhealthy relationship!) He asked for more from her pharmaceutical company since they didn't account for square footage, but she realized he was applying it without gloves and it was absorbed into his skin.BERNADETTE: That's why you've been all bloated and moody and a giant pain in the ass!HOWARD: But you're full of estrogen and you don't act like that.BERNADETTE: That's because I'm a woman. I've had years of practice riding the dragon.Howard promises to wear gloves next time, but the estrogen would still take a few weeks to get out of his system. He's all depressed, and Bernadette wants to show him how much of a man he still is. (HOWARD: Sex, really? That's your answer for everything!)Sheldon airs his concerns to Amy (Mayim Bialik), who doesn't think Penny would cheat on Leonard. But Penny beat Sheldon in a staring contest by clapping loudly and distracting him, so he thinks it's a short path from there to infidelity. The two listen in at Penny's door and do hear someone besides Penny in her apartment. Sheldon gets out his key and goes into Penny's apartment to find Leonard there. Penny is livid he barged in, so he goes back out and knocks on the door. (yes, in the famed Sheldon manner) Leonard tries to apologize and explain himself, but Sheldon isn't having it, saying he didn't realize how much of a burden his friendship with him was. And even the sailor cap Leonard brought back for him didn't mollify him, despite Penny and Amy trying to be encouraging.SHELDON: (wearing the sailor hat) This changes nothing. Except the Halloween costume I'm wearing this year. Amy, you're going as Olive Oyl, lay off the donuts.The estrogen in Howard would certainly not exit in time for him to ask Raj over and discuss his breasts. Howard is convinced his boobs are getting larger. Raj isn't sure, so he asks Howard to jump up and down. Still no difference, so Howard shakes them back and forth. Raj is starting to see that, but she shows that his do the same. (I am REALLY not doing this scene justice.) Raj needs to know for sure so he starts fondling Howard's breasts. And Howard checks Raj's. All while Bernadette watches in shock. (given how Melissa Rauch is built, there's something of an irony to it)Leonard wants to know if Sheldon still needs a ride to work but Sheldon doesn't know whether or not Leonard will really take him there, given he said he'd be home the prior day and had been home for three. Sheldon continues on with this, aggravating Leonard to no end.SHELDON: You say you're from New Jersey, but how can I believe you?LEONARD: Why would anyone claim they're from New Jersey when they weren't?SHELDON: OK, I'll give you that one.Leonard has finally had enough and leaves him behind. Amy stops by to get Sheldon and tells Penny that Sheldon is mad at her, too, for being the succubus who took Leonard away. (PENNY: I don't know what succubus is, but it has "suck" in it, so that can't be good.) Penny tries to talk to him, but he feels betrayed given he let her buy feminine hygiene products with his supermarket club card. (SHELDON: Have you any idea the kind of coupons I'm going to get in the mail?) Amy tries to play peacemaker, but Sheldon tells her she's either with him or against him. At which point he can take the bus. At which point he figures there may be a third option available. (AMY: FYI, I had a donut for breakfast, you jerk.)As it happens, there was the perfect option at the university. The estrogen-silly Howard broke down in tears at seeing Leonard and Sheldon continue their fight and insists the two of them are best friends. And that's a beautiful thing.HOWARD: (tearful) Leonard, you know why he's mad at you? It's because he missed you! And as his friend, you should be happy for him because he has love in his life! Just like I do! This man (Raj) held my breast the other day and I love him for it!RAJ: (annoyed) Little loud, dude. (but Leonard and Sheldon forgive each other) It wasn't anything weird; it was just to see how big they were.Leonard gave Sheldon a full day at the barber, the dentist, and even the Los Angeles Bureau of Weights and Measures. Penny is glad they were friends again, and Sheldon was glad to give Penny his coupon for 50 cents off of Vagasil. (SHELDON: Think of me when you apply it.) Raj thinks it's great everyone was hanging out together again, but Leonard was shocked he was talking in front of the ladies without a drink. They forgot to tell him, and Howard breaks down in tears over it. Penny hands him the coupon.PENNY: Think of Sheldon when you apply it.
