It's time once again for "Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun With Flags." And today, he had a special guest: . Wil was glad to be there and was ready to talk about the Federation flag from , until Amy (Mayim Bialik) yells "cut!" To Amy, Wil is a bit wooden. They try again, and Amy accuses him of not having fun with it. Wil isn't liking the direction, and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) agrees. But Amy persists, insisting she is the director.AMY: This time, let's try more real boy, less Pinocchio.WIL: (stops her) You do realize I'm doing this for free, right?AMY: Yes, and we still aren't getting our money's worth.They start again, and Wil seriously overacts on purpose. Amy is ticked, but Sheldon said it reminded him of a young . (Easy joke, but still hysterical.) Wil tells Sheldon he wasn't going to continue if Amy would continue to be a huge pain in the ass, and Amy demands Sheldon defend her honor.SHELDON: Well, you're my girlfriend, and I don't want you to be upset. But Wil's my friend and I don't want him to be upset. This is a sticky wicket. (To Wil) What do you think?Amy pulls Sheldon aside, but first Sheldon hands Wil his Star Trek figurine and tells him to play with himself. Amy tells Sheldon to kick Wil Wheaton out, and Sheldon doesn't want to do it. Then she said she would leave, which Sheldon is ecstatic about. And skipping dinner means dinner at the Hometown Buffet with Wil!Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) finish up dinner at his mother's, and he goes to get a few things to take back to her apartment. She wants to know why he hasn't moved everything to her place yet, and Howard naturally denied it. But his mother asking him if he had any clothes for the laundry and he left some stuff in the hamper kind of ruined his argument. He agreed to move the rest of his stuff to Bernadette's apartment...right after he gets his mother's hand out of the garbage disposal before she retrieves "A PERFECTLY GOOD CHICKEN LEG!"Sheldon makes it home from a night of revelry with Wil Wheaton, or at least as much revelry you can create in a Hometown Buffet. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thought Sheldon had plans with Amy, but Sheldon explained Wil called Amy a "pain in the a-s-s" and she left. And Sheldon didn't see where he went wrong, even delighting in sitting next to the frozen yogurt machine at the buffet because of Wil's status. Leonard thinks Amy might be upset, which Sheldon denies. However, one videocall to Amy confirmed Leonard was right. And Sheldon suggesting she eat a Luna bar because she might actually be hungry, not angry, didn't go over well. She told him she was his girlfriend and he didn't defend her when Wil insulted her. She hung up on him.At The Cheesecake Factory, Howard and Bernadette were having dinner, and Howard tried to weasel his way out of moving, saying Saturday was the Sabbath and he wasn't supposed to do any labor...while eating a bacon cheeseburger. Howard said he didn't plan to live in his mother's house forever, but even Penny (Kaley Cuoco) wasn't convinced Howard would move. (PENNY: I've seen her burp you.) Howard had enough and told them in no uncertain terms he'll move when he's ready for it. (And, after Penny left, he tells Bernadette he'll move on Saturday.)Sheldon had a solution for making it up to Amy: bringing her the entire  DVD collection so she would know how important Wil Wheaton is. (SHELDON: Get ready for 130 hours of 'I told you so.') She didn't make it so; she slammed the door on him. And then Sheldon decided to tell her what happened, starting with Encounter at Farpoint. At which point she grabbed the DVDs and slammed the door in his face again.SHELDON: She's hooked.At Howard's, Leonard and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) are helping him pack things up. If these walls could talk... (LEONARD: They would say "why does he touch himself so much?") Howard still can't get used to moving out of the room he's always lived in. He reminisced about hiding under the desk to eat his Halloween candy. He had some Peanut M&Ms...and went into his first anaphylactic shock. Then getting home from the emergency room and celebrating with a Snickers. He caught on by the third Almond Joy. He wanted one more moment in his room.LEONARD: We're not standing outside by the U-Haul while you fondle yourself.And they left.Sheldon goes to The Cheesecake Factory to ask Penny for advice on girls. (PENNY: Are you finally getting fuzz in weird places?) Sheldon usually has chamomile tea when he's had a rough day, but he needed something stronger. So Penny suggested a tea of the Long Island variety. Worked for Sheldon. Amy had told Penny what happened, and Penny said to just apologize. But Sheldon thought the bigger problem was Amy and Wil not liking each other. Penny said he couldn't force them to like each other, even though Leonard forced him to like Penny. And then Sheldon took a few lessons from Bluto on how to drink alcohol, downing that puppy in an instant. Penny said it wasn't about right and wrong; it was that Sheldon didn't defend Amy when she got insulted. She thought Sheldon would do that being from Texas.SHELDON: Penny, please. I think I've evolved beyond my simple rustic upbringing. (feeling the booze) On the other hand, that low-down polecat done wronged my woman.PENNY: Welcome to Long Island, Tex.Suddenly, Sheldon thought he should have defended her, given the things Amy's done for him, like eat all the Brazil nuts out of a Planter's mix so he didn't have to look at them. (SHELDON: She's a unique blend of saint and squirrel.)Howard proudly walks the last box into Bernadette's apartment, officially cutting the cord with his mother. (HOWARD: From now on, you'll be the only woman in my life I see naked in the bathroom.) Bernadette hopes he's OK, but Howard admitted feeling responsible for her after his dad left. He was the only person who could make her not be sad all the time. Apart from her other two favorite guys: Ben & Jerry. Finding his magic wand in one of the boxes, he tells Bernadette of how he used to do magic tricks to make his mom happy, even putting up a bedsheet to act like a stage curtain. Then he'd ask for a volunteer to come out of the audience to be his beautiful assistant.BERNADETTE: Ah, crap! Let's go! (grabs boxes)HOWARD: Wait, I want to sleep here. Can't we talk about this?BERNADETTE: (sounding like Howard's mother) NO HUSBAND OF MINE IS GOING TO BREAK HIS MOTHER'S HEART!A very drunk Sheldon goes to Wil's house (yes, his house number is 1701) to confront him. In fact, he's so drunk, he can't even remember if he knocked twice or three times. Wil accuses him of drinking. (SHELDON: Just tea. Best tea I've ever had!) He tells Wil he insulted his woman and he came to defend her honor. (SHELDON: Two! It was two! knocks again) And Wil apologized without an argument. And Sheldon is annoyed for taking a long bus ride for nothing. Although he does ask Wil if any particular shrub in his yard could benefit from a good vomiting. But he just picks one at random.SHELDON: You were so good in  (goes back to vomiting)Fortunately, for the next "Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun With Flags," there won't be a problem with Amy and Wil, because  was the guest, and he had some interesting flags for the show, too. But Amy once again thinks she's  and feels the need to criticize him. But Sheldon had it covered this time: Levar would still get gas money and a nice lunch.
