Sheldon (Jim Parsons) is being a bit selfish about letting Leonard (Johnny Galecki) borrow the clothing steamer, mainly because Leonard once told him they didn't need one and didn't want to invest in it. While Sheldon steamed his Star Trek: The Next Generation (1987) uniform, Penny (Kaley Cuoco) dropped off some makeup sponges for Leonard. (PENNY: You've got more makeup than I do. You've got BETTER makeup than I do.) But Leonard wouldn't share, which Sheldon applauded because he got pinkeye from borrowing his sister's once for a costume contest...which still got him 2nd place for his zombie costume. This Comic Con was in Bakersfield. Even though the guys attended the big one in San Diego, Leonard liked the one in Bakersfield because it was more like Comic Con before it went all Hollywood, a sentiment Sheldon did not share one bit. But they were still going because, "like pizza and particle accelerators, even the stinky ones are still pretty good." And they were off, just as soon as Leonard took a picture of him kissing Penny while she held today's newspaper. (LEONARD: To show people when they don't believe me.)While the boys headed for Bakersfield, Penny, Amy (Mayim Bialik), and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) enjoyed brunch, because booze with breakfast on a Tuesday is a problem, but on the weekend it's brunch! Penny even LOL'ed Leonard's text message of them heading to Bakersfield at warp speed. (Must have been the mimosa talking.) All three of them talked about how excited their boyfriends were to be going. Howard (Simon Helberg) sewed his costume himself, having learned how to sew by letting his mother's pants out every few weeks. They wondered how the guys could be so excited about something designed for 12-year-olds. (BERNADETTE: I think Howard's in touch with his inner child, but when he wears his Bat-Man pajamas to bed, it feels like I'm touching his inner child.) Amy did conclude since all of them were bullied as kids, playing with make-believe heroes was a sort of wish fulfillment. Bernadette thinks they should go to the comic book store and purchase a few comics to see what the guys love about them.PENNY: That is an AMAZING idea! (looks at her mimosa) Wait, how many of these have I had?Not as many as Leonard needed when he found out Sheldon hacked into the GPS on his car and substituted his voice for the turn-by-turn directions. Although it did provide some interesting trivia about interstates in the U.S. (HOWARD: Leonard, there's a bridge. Please drive off of it.) But all was not lost, as they were about to reach Vasquez Rocks, where many Star Trek (1966) episodes were filmed. The guys decided to pull over and don their TNG gear for a cool photo shoot. (FYI, Sheldon, I knew Eisenhower was the President who signed the Interstate Highway System law; there's signs on them everywhere.)The ladies make it to the comic book store, but Bernadette was scared that all the guys were staring. Amy soaked in all the attention. Stuart (Kevin Sussman) told the guys to stop; the ladies weren't anything they hadn't already seen in movies or in drawings. Penny tells him they were interested in comics to see what the guys love about them.STUART: Cool, what do you think you might be into? Superhero, fantasy, graphic novels, manga,...(turns to the guys) I SWEAR I will turn the hose on you!Bernadette suggested the same comics the guys like: superhero comics. Amy asked who the best superhero is, but that could start a riot. Stuart suggested categories like clean-cut heroes, brooding, dark anti-heroes like The Punisher. (Amy LOVED that suggestion.) But Stuart settled on handing them Fables #1, with its sophisticated artwork, intelligent writing, and complete lack of objectification of women.PENNY: Oooh, Thor (2011)! He's hot!STUART: (conceding) Yeah, he is.The guys looked good. Sheldon was decked out as Mr. Data, although his hair needed to be gelled back. (I really need to invest in one of those "life" things.) Raj (Kunal Nayyar) was Mr. Worf, Leonard was Captain Picard, and Howard was a Borg. They pose for a "fight scene" shot, where Sheldon just stood there and thought about it, since Data's greatest weapon was his mind. Same thing for training phasers on the Borg, Charlie's Angels (1976) (no, I'm not kidding, and it was hysterical), and some sexy glamor shots per Raj's suggestion (he even provided the hip-hop backbeat). Suddenly, they hear the sound of the engine from the car. Yes, someone stole Leonard's car. And everybody's cell phones were in their regular clothes.SHELDON: The only thing left to do now is assign blame. (to Raj) Nice going!They try to flag down cars but to no avail.SHELDON: Maybe we're better off. What if we got into a car with a crazy person?LEONARD: Sheldon, look at us! WE'RE the crazy people! Let's start walking, I'm sure we'll find a gas station somewhere.SHELDON: What, just because you're wearing a captain's uniform, you think you're in charge?LEONARD: (steam coming out of his ears) Yes.SHELDON: All right.The girls finished their comic. Penny finished a little slower, but whatevs. Bernadette asks Amy what she thought.AMY: Well, there was certainly a lot of action, the story moved along at a brisk pace. Overall, I thought it was...what's the word I'm looking for?PENNY: Stupid?AMY: SO stupid!They couldn't figure out how the guys could spend hours arguing over things that don't even exist! (FYI, those of you agreeing with them, I give you five words...Here Comes Honey Boo Boo (2012).)PENNY: (disbelief) A hammer so heavy, no one else can pick it up?BERNADETTE: Well, I don't think it's heavy. I think it's some sort of magic so only Thor can lift it.PENNY: That makes even less sense!AMY: Oh, no. No it doesn't. Thor is a god, the hammer is his, only he can use it. Sort of like Sheldon and his toothbrush. Or his thin beckoning lips.PENNY: (being sucked into the vortex) OK, what if Thor's hand is on the hammer? If he's touching it with his god magic, does that mean I can lift it?BERNADETTE: No. AMY: Yes!They decide to read it again to settle the argument. Amy and Bernadette went to make tea, mostly to give Penny a head start.The walk through the desert, you might suspect, was not pleasant. (RAJ: Wool pants. I've got poached testicles.) But Sheldon has an interesting take on the whole situation. It's been their dreams to be in the world of their favorite fantasy worlds. And right now, they were a Starfleet landing party on a desolate alien planet with only their skills to rely on. And...CAR PASSING BY: NERDS! (Sheldon gets an Icee splashed on him.)SHELDON: I hate this planet.The ladies' arguments were getting...intense. Now they couldn't decide whether Thor's hammer was the one to deem someone worthy of wielding it.PENNY: If Harry Potter's wand can make decisions, why can't Thor's hammer?AMY: OK, if you're going to start comparing wands and hammers, I can't even take you seriously.They finally decide to go to the guys' apartment to look at their Thor collection to see if Thor's hammer could be picked up in space like Penny thinks. (PENNY: In space, anyone could pick up the hammer because it would be floating around in a weightless environment. Yup, that's right; the slow reader used science. Suck on that!)The guys finally make it to a diner, where they get stared at. Leonard tells the waitress their car was stolen and asked to use the phone. Naturally, the waitress asked why they can't have Scotty just beam them up. And even more naturally, Sheldon has to correct her about Scotty being on the original series and they were TNG characters. (HOWARD: We're not with him.) The police finally arrive to write up a report. (OFFICER: You guys need me to call anyone? I'm guessing your moms?) But Howard had that covered. He called his mother, who got them a rental car. Raj wants to go on, but the others want to go home.SHELDON: We're not a real landing party. We're an imaginary landing party who got real-life garbage thrown at us by real-life strangers who think we're idiots. To tell you the truth, I'm starting to feel like one. Raj gives in, but he still hoped the rental car was coming from Enterprise.RAJ: (rough crowd) Screw you, that's funny!And entire dinner and a few dozen comic books later...BERNADETTE: Well, what if The Hulk picked up Thor while Thor was holding the hammer? Then by the transitive property of picking things up, Hulk picked up the hammer!PENNY: (didn't see the wine, but...) Hold on. If I go to a bar and pick up a guy, then he goes and picks up a girl and we all leave together, did I pick up the girl?The guys finally make it up to the apartment. And just when things can't get any more crazy...AMY: (inside the apartment) Look, right here. Red Hulk is picking up Thor's hammer 'cause Thor's touching it.BERNADETTE: He's really just touching the strap.AMY: The strap is part of the hammer!RAJ: (outside) Are they actually arguing about comic books?HOWARD: Maybe Thor's Hammer is a new color of nail polish.SHELDON: There can be only one logical explanation. Somewhere in the desert, we must have crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate good literature.'Captain Picard' decides they should investigate. But phasers on stun.LEONARD: If you vaporize Penny, I'll never find a girlfriend that pretty again.Oh, as for Leonard's car, the two guys actually found Sheldon's lecture on the interstate system quite fascinating. (SHELDON: Can you name the four state capitals that are not served by the interstate system?) Oooh, another quiz!
