Sheldon (Jim Parsons) needs room on the DVR for recording. Naturally, he thinks it's Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) fault. Although pawning it off to the Chinese hacking the DVR is a flimsy excuse when a recording of Paul Blart: Mall Cop (2009) is on there. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) suggests Sheldon erase the season 2 finale of Alphas (2011), given it won't have a season 3. Which was news to Sheldon. He was quite upset that it ended on a cliffhanger and it wouldn't get resolved. After all, Firefly (2002) got a movie, Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997) continued as a comic book, and "Heroes (2006) gradually lowered the quality season by season until we were grateful it ended." Sheldon was going to call the Syfy Channel and give them a piece of his mind, much to Penny's chagrin. (LEONARD: If they didn't want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldn't have started the Syfy Channel.) Oh, speaking of crazy, not a good idea to convince Penny to watch Buffy with him at 6:30 in the morning, no matter how many jokes or hot vampires the show has.(Same can be said for Twilight (2008), only there the vampires ARE the joke.)While Howard (Simon Helberg) installed Raj's (Kunal Nayyar) new security camera so he could keep an eye on his dog at work (HOWARD: Why can't you just watch porn like a regular guy?), Raj found Lucy's blog online, where she said she recently went on a date with a guy named Roger, who was Indian and an astrophysicist. Raj wanted to know who it was. Howard had to explain Lucy changed his name on purpose to protect their privacy. (RAJ: I always thought if I had a white name, it would be Gavin.) Raj thought it was creepy to read her blog, but getting a little tongue action on his lips from his dog was just cute. He finally breaks down and reads her blog to find out Lucy thought Raj was a little feminine. (HOWARD: Just a little? That's great!) Howard suggests he uses the blog to get into Lucy's pants.RAJ: Why must you always make things filthy? Why couldn't you have said "the blog is like key to her heart"?HOWARD: "The key to her heart." That's nice. Were you quoting someone or is that tattooed on the small of your back?RAJ: I was quoting a man who knows a thing or two about women: Sir Elton John.Amy (Mayim Bialik) stopped by to visit with the despondent Sheldon in the hopes of helping him cope with Alphas ending with some physical contact. (SHELDON: I'm not going to fly all the way to Texas just to get a hug from my mother.) But Amy pressed forward, accusing Sheldon of having issues with closure. Of course, he denies it. And Amy knocks the beginning of "Shave and a Haircut," knowing Sheldon will complete the "Two Bits." (SHELDON: That proves nothing!)Oh, if Leonard ever introduces you to Buffy, make sure he drinks decaf. Penny thought Buffy was cute, but Leonard thinks that word diminishes them. (PENNY: So, do you want me to stop calling your little tushie cute?) Leonard is depressed but Penny was up for another DVD because it reminded her of her high school. (PENNY: Except instead of vampires, we had meth heads. But both came out at night and had messed-up teeth.)Amy volunteers her knowledge of neuroscience to cure Sheldon of his need for closure. She starts with a game of tic-tac-toe. Sheldon thinks she's full of it, particularly when she is about to lose to him. At that point, she erases the game. And now Sheldon wants to pull his own face off and tear it up into little Sheldon face confetti.SHELDON: You don't know what it's like to feel completely frustrated. To have a desire build up in you and then be denied any opportunity for release.AMY: (major league sarcasm) Yeah, sounds like a drag.While Raj decides to "butch himself up" by wearing a L.A. Kings hockey jersey (only because black is very slimming, that Cup's coming to CHI-TOWN!!!!!), Penny still can't get as enthused about Buffy as Leonard does. Or about anything for that matter. She asked Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) about it, and Bernadette admitted she was quite passionate about science, particularly the first time she looked through a microscope and saw millions of tiny microorganisms. (BERNADETTE: If I wanted to, I could wipe them out with my thumb like a god.) All Penny needed to do is take some time and figure out what she's passionate about. (PENNY: Ugh, that sounds like a lot of work.)Sheldon's deprogramming continues. Included are Amy playing the Star-Spangled Banner and stopping before the word "brave," having Sheldon set up a creation made of dominoes...and not letting him knock them down...and let's not even talk about a jack-in-the-box playing Pop Goes the Weasel. And stopping Sheldon from blowing out the last candle on a birthday cake.AMY: Now your wish can't come true.SHELDON: (muttering) Lucky for you, 'cause I wished you were dead.Raj and Lucy's (Kate Micucci) date is going OK. Raj's favorite hockey player is definitely NOT Brian Boitano, and the burritos are still a bit frozen because no wrapper is going to tell Raj what to do. (Except ) Finally, Lucy asks him why he was acting all weird, but Raj claims it was the steroids. She thanks him for the burrito and pork rinds and the lecture on monster trucks and heads out, so Raj finally admits reading what she wrote about him being feminine. Lucy said it was a compliment, saying he was sweet and caring.LUCY: Do you even like hockey?RAJ: (laughs) No. I bought this at the Staples Center when I went to see Taylor Swift.While having dinner with Leonard, Penny told him she figured it out. She was passionate about him. (LEONARD: Aww, my cute little tushie strikes again.) She had all of these grand plans to be in movies and live a glamorous life, and anything short of that wasn't worth getting excited about. But she realized she had Leonard, she had all sorts of great friends. She had an exciting life right now.LEONARD: So...does that mean we get to talk about cool shows and get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic Con?PENNY: Leonard, I had an epiphany, not a stroke.And Sheldon appeared to be cured. Amy was proud of him and went on her way.SHELDON: You're an excellent neuroscientist, you're a wonderful girlfriend, and (closes door) a complete sucker!Finish that tic-tac-toe game, pop that weasel, blow out that last candle, knock down those dominoes, and the home of the BRAVE! It was practically orgasmic.PENNY: (walks in) Sheldon, you big weirdo, I want you to know that I love you're in my life!SHELDON: (spent like Austin Powers) And I love you, too.And Sheldon even found the writer of the Alphas finale, who told Sheldon how he would have resolved the cliffhanger.SHELDON: Oh, that stinks. No wonder your show got canceled. Goodbye.
