Apparently, a jellyfish is capable of immortality simply by spending a period of time in an asexual state and grows up again. Howard thought his grandfather had gone into an asexual state, but based on the lawsuit from his Jamaican caregiver, that didn't happen. But at least now the mystery of the smell from Professor Tupperman's office has been solved: it was Tupperman himself dying at his desk and nobody noticing for two weeks, according to Kripke (John Ross Bowie). (KRIPKE: In lieu of flowers, the chair is asking everybody donate a bottle of Febreze.) But it also means there is now a tenured position at the university. While Kripke goes to attach his lips to the butts of the tenure committee, Sheldon (Jim Parsons) rails against tenure, saying scientists would work better if a chip was implanted in their heads that exploded whenever they said something stupid. Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thinks people work better when they had job security. ("Boom!") Raj thinks the tenured position should go to Sheldon or Leonard (Johnny Galecki) if he doesn't get it, but Sheldon tells him not to fill Leonard's head with false hope.LEONARD: (mad as hell) Excuse me, but I think I'm just as qualified as you are.SHELDON: (that chip again) Boom! Boom! Boom!Leonard, Sheldon, and Raj discuss the tenured position with their significant others (or Howard's significant other in Raj's case, since Howard isn't eligible). Raj could use the extra income, since his dad will buy him a BMW but won't spring for seat warmers. (BERNADETTE: I think that's enough wine for now.) Penny (Kaley Cuoco) is impressed with the fact Leonard couldn't be fired from his job if he had tenure. (PENNY: Sounds a lot like being a pretty waitress at The Cheesecake Factory.) But Leonard would love to get it just to be able to call his mother and tell her he got tenure at Caltech...assuming she takes his call. He is going to let his work speak for itself, no schmoozing, and Penny admires his integrity.LEONARD: You think I'm a naive idiot, right?PENNY: Oh good, you heard me.Amy (Mayim Bialik) thinks Raj and Leonard don't stand a chance because Sheldon is so great. (SHELDON: I must say, I go back and forth on this boyfriend-girlfriend thing, but those moments when you worship me really keeps you in the running.) She thinks he should cozy up to the committee, but Sheldon does not do cozy. (AMY: You don't say.) But Sheldon does check to see who was on the committee. Among them is Janine Davis (Regina King) -- yes, the Mrs. Davis whom Sheldon told she was a slave when he was accused of sexual harassment, so Sheldon figures he had a 50/50 chance with her.Let the kissing up begin! Leonard corners Mrs. Davis in the gym as she works out on an elliptical rider. Leonard tries exercising on the one next to her as if he has been doing it all of his life...thanks to Mrs. Davis telling him where the Start button was. Leonard's attempts to engage in polite conversation are a bit difficult since he has to inhale his entire asthma inhaler while trying to keep up on the elliptical rider. (And saying Mrs. Davis would look great in a swimsuit probably doesn't help.) But when Kripke comes in to kiss up to Mrs. Davis as well and won't leave, Leonard purports to head over to the weightlifting section...but actually falls to the ground and needs someone to call a medic.Mrs. Davis is thankfully spared Raj's 90-minute video on why he would be a good choice for tenure...until she finds out it's Sheldon at her door. (MRS. DAVIS: God, they're everywhere.) He decides to give her a thank-you gift to smooth things over for the last time.MRS. DAVIS: Roots (1977)? Why would you think this is an appropriate gift?SHELDON: (confused and/or clueless) Um...well...you are black, right?The meeting quickly ends (at Mrs. Davis' insistence), which is fine for Sheldon, because he has to drop off the complete works of Jackie Chan to Professor Wu.Suffice it to say, nobody wants to go to Prof. Tupperman's funeral, except for the fact that Howard points out the entire tenure committee will be there. And the guys perk up. (HOWARD: Yeah, that's what I was hoping for---meerkats.) Sheldon goes to break his date with Amy, explaining he has to go to Tupperman's funeral...and not to trim his Q-Tips to fit his ears. (SHELDON: Honestly, if I have to endure a long and tedious evening, I'd rather be with you on Date Night.) But Amy thinks she should come along because she is well-versed in tenure politics and could talk Sheldon up. Sheldon agrees. (SHELDON: Actually, I meant you can drive me.) Leonard is upset when Penny tells him about Sheldon going since they all agreed not to go -- he thought he could go without anyone finding out. Penny offers to go with and support him, but Leonard thinks there isn't much she could do among a group of boring old men.PENNY: OK, I'm just going to tie my shoe while you think about that.LEONARD: (watching her caboose as she bends over) Oh, yeah. Thanks, that'd be a great help. You realize then you might kill some of them.PENNY: Oh, then you WILL get tenure.At the funeral, Amy reminds Sheldon that he feels sad, the great number of people doesn't make him sweaty and claustrophobic but glad, and getting Mrs. Davis that box set of Roots (1977) was bad. But Sheldon can't handle Raj showing up, accusing him of just coming to schmooze the tenure committee. (RAJ: Hey, I'm here to pay my respects to Professor...Tupperware.) And then Leonard and Penny arrive, and Leonard starts right in on Sheldon. (LEONARD: I guess the train store in Glendale wasn't having a cotillion.) Amy wants to know why Penny is there, and Leonard tells her to "do it." Penny gives her the reason. Both of them, in fact. In a nice tight low-cut black dress.SHELDON: What, did she do it yet?AMY: (exasperated) She's planning to flirt with members of the tenure committee to further Leonard's cause.SHELDON: Well that's a fine how-do-you-do! (to Amy) Take your breasts out.Amy is ticked off Penny would resort to such ploys and confounded at how Penny's breasts are staying up like they are. (LEONARD: Way to hit 'em with both barrels.) Raj thinks both Leonard and Sheldon should be ashamed at using their girlfriends to advance their cause with sexuality...and whatever Amy plans to do.SHELDON: (offended) Are you implying my girlfriend has no sexuality to exploit?RAJ: Yes.SHELDON: OK, because that was not clear...AMY: SHELDON!What was Sheldon to do now? With Howard (Simon Helberg) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) there, he takes Howard's advice to talk smack about Raj's mother.SHELDON: Last night, I was feeling in need of some sexual release when I happened to come across your mother.Leonard stops it and figures tenure isn't worth losing his friends over. He's going to let his work speak for itself.LEONARD: Friends are forever.HOWARD: So is tenure...BERNADETTE: (pissed) WALK!!!But Raj agrees that this is beneath him. (RAJ: Like your mother was last night!) But Sheldon asks Amy for advice.AMY: Well, you'll always be an academic success, but I seriously question if you'll make any more friends.SHELDON: I don't want any more, but let's go.Besides, Kripke has found the in with Mrs. Davis: babysitting her kids. (KRIPKE: I wove kids. There's something about me that just makes them waugh and waugh...)They want to remain friends, but they can't let Kripke get that tenured position, either.RAJ: Screw it, I'm going in.SHELDON: Hold on. I believe "Screw it, I'm going in" is what I said to your mother last night. (to Amy) I didn't really say that. I find the concept of coitus ridiculous and off-putting.AMY: (frustrated) Should have taken my breasts out when I had the chance.Here's the good news: Mrs. Davis recommends Leonard, Sheldon, and Raj for the short list, admitting all of them were accomplished scientists despite their quirks (re: SHELDON). And no gift for her this time; Sheldon realizes how inappropriate his prior gift was.MRS. DAVIS: (sticking her hand out) Thank you Dr. Cooper. (Sheldon gives it two slaps, a couple of fist bumps and...it was hysterical, words don't do it justice) I'm going to pretend that didn't happen.SHELDON: Yeah. Right on, sister!
