Howard (Simon Helberg) got an important email, and not an ad for penile enlargement like Raj (Kunal Nayyar) thought. Dr. Stephen Hawking was coming to lecture at the university and needed Howard to maintain the equipment on his specialized wheelchair. ("It's like you'll be his pit crew!") Everybody's pretty excited, although Howard may want to not do his Stephen Hawking imitation in front of him. Sheldon (Jim Parsons) would certainly be psyched, and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) would agree a Stephen Hawking restraining order would look good next to the ones Sheldon has from Leonard Nimoy, Carl Sagan (which I assumed has expired), and Stan Lee. Sheldon joined the guys with some inspiration to revolutionize humanity's understanding of the Higgs bosun particle, which Howard doesn't need to pay attention to because he wouldn't understand it.RAJ: Are you still going to tell him about you-know-who?HOWARD: Yup.LEONARD: Are you going to introduce him?HOWARD: Not on your life.And as Sheldon begs and pleads for Howard to introduce him to Stephen Hawking, we can understand Howard's reluctance, such as Sheldon saying he could go to Jewish heaven ("We don't have a Jewish heaven.") or avoid Jewish hell ("Have you met my mother? I live in Jewish hell."). Sheldon saying he's the only human being with an intellectual capacity on the level of Hawking's doesn't work so well either. BTW, Sheldon has only begged three times in his life, according to Raj. Once to Fox to not cancel , once to TNT to cancel , and once to a deity he didn't believe in to end his life when he got food poisoning at the Rose Bowl Parade. Still, Howard told him no in Russian, Chinese, Japanese, even Klingon. But Sheldon doesn't want Howard to do it for him: he needs to do it for Hawking. ("Let me try gangsta: HELLS NAW!") Finally, a compromise. Sheldon asks him to give Hawking his paper on the Higgs bosun particle and Hawking will contact him...because he's smart. Howard discusses it privately with the guys, mainly to discuss how much Sheldon needs to be punished. Finally, Howard agrees. Well...HOWARD: Sheldon, are you famililar with the 12 Labors of Hercules? You should be so lucky.First task, polish all of Howard's belt buckles. An entire tub of them. Oh, and the water marks on some of them...not exactly water. But Howard does give him a black light to check on them. ("You may not want to shine that around the rest of the room.")Next task, wear the French Maid outfit Howard originally bought for Bernadette but wouldn't wear it. (or dust his room in it) But Sheldon proudly wore it at the university. (SHELDON: What are you all staring at? You never saw a man trying to get a meeting with Stephen Hawking before?)As Sheldon does Howard's laundry...including some leopard-print underwear...Penny (Kaley Cuoco) agrees with Howard that Sheldon is a condescending jerk. Sheldon even gets a little twinkle in his eye when he corrects people or puts them down. ("That's an involuntary twinkle.") Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), on the other hand, does think Howard is being mean. He defends his actions, but she tells him he knows he's being mean to Sheldon while "the part of Sheldon's brain that should know he's being mean is getting a wedgie from the rest of Sheldon's brain." Bernadette wants Howard to stop making Sheldon do humiliating things...right after Sheldon takes Howard's mother dress shopping instead of her.MRS. WOLOWITZ: SHELDON, I NEED YOUR HELP!! IT'S THIS DRESS. WHEN I PUT MY FRONT IN, MY BACK POPS OUT!! WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TO WORK AS A TEAM! GET IN HERE, GRAB A HANDFUL AND START STUFFING!Sheldon finally comes home, although Howard should have sent his mother and him to that car covering place in Altadena, since they have her pattern on file. Sheldon just has to do one final thing: pay Howard a compliment, as Howard was tired of Sheldon ripping on his job.SHELDON: I have never said you that you are not good at what you do. It's just what you do is not worth doing.LEONARD: It's nicer than anything he's said to me. I'd take it and run.And Sheldon demands Howard give Hawking his paper. Which Howard did three days prior and Hawking wants to meet Sheldon. He was impressed with Sheldon's work. Sheldon's happy about that. It turns out Dr. Hawking liked Sheldon's paper and thought his theory on a bosun being in the center of a black hole accelerating backwards through time was fascinating. Except it's wrong. There was a math error on page 2. (HAWKING: It was quite the boner.) And Sheldon faints. (HAWKING: Oh, great. Another fainter.)
