Sheldon (Jim Parsons) found out something exciting on his computer, and Penny (Kaley Cuoco) found something exciting on Leonard's (Johnny Galecki) computer: a computer-controlled Nerf gun. (Although she conceded Sheldon's big head made it an easy target.) As for Sheldon, he found out Professor Proton, the host of his favorite TV show as a child, was available for children's parties and he wanted to hire him to "hang out, do experiments, or have him take 12 pictures and make a calendar." Believe it or not, Leonard was just as interested in hiring Professor Proton as well, having seen his show where he would demonstrate scientific principles using everyday household objects.LEONARD: It was pretty cool.PENNY: Aww, it's so cute when you use the word 'cool' wrong. Like when kids say 'psghetti'.Raj (Kunal Nayyar) needed someone to take care of his dog for the weekend while he worked in the telescope lab. Howard (Simon Helberg) wondered why he couldn't just put Cinnamon in a kennel. And Raj angrily wondered why Howard just didn't put his mother in a home. (HOWARD: To be honest, she'd do better in the kennel.) Still, Howard and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) would be happy to take care of the dog, although they did draw the line at feeding her egg-white frittatas for breakfast and scampi for dinner. But they were OK with the baby carriage Cinnamon rode around in, and Bernadette even thought it was nice that Howard threw the ball such a short distance so she didn't have to scamper so far on her little legs. (HOWARD: Yeah, that's what I was doing.) In fact, she even admitted it felt like they were a little family...which of course in sitcoms means they've lost the dog.Sheldon, of course, kept Leonard up much of the night in excitment over the arrival of Professor Proton. Even Leonard's little act of violence against Sheldon to stop him from practicing his greeting didn't slow him down. And naturally, Sheldon panicked when Professor Proton was two minutes late. But then, it would have been nice if they had told him the elevator was broken, as Professor Proton (Bob Newhart) was catching his breath on the third floor landing, needing 30 minutes just to get that far. Sheldon was still incredibly excited to meet him, even getting to call him by his real name: Arthur Jennings. (SHELDON: Look at me, I can get as close to you as I want without my Mom telling me it'll ruin my eyes.)ARTHUR: Is he dangerous?LEONARD: Actually, he's a genius.ARTHUR: That doesn't really answer my question.To be fair, his health improved rather quickly when he saw Penny and he was ready to put on a show. Then he found out the show was just for Sheldon. Then he wasn't nearly as thrilled but he soldiered on.ARTHUR: (to Leonard) Is the blonde girl really your girlfriend? YOU'RE the genius.Howard and Bernadette searched high and low looking for Cinnamon, even calling her name in Raj's accent so she would understand them. Howard actually liked hearing Bernadette talk like that. (BERNADETTE: It turns you on when I sound like Raj??) But Cinnamon was found. Animal Control picked her up and called Raj, who decided not to tell Howard and Bernadette for a few hours while they got massages to calm themselves down. When he finally Skyped with them, they were beside themselves trying to apologize...until they found out Raj retrieved Cinnamon hours ago.BERNADETTE: (mad as hell) We've been worried sick! She could have been dead, for all we knew! You should be ashamed of yourself!RAJ: (flustered) I'm sorry...BERNADETTE: Sorry's not good enough! Maybe you should take some time and think about what you've done! (slams laptop shut)HOWARD: Nice guilt trip. You're going to be a wonderful mom.Penny asked Arthur if he did a lot of appearances like this, but he had to admit he was still trying to figure out what 'this' is, particularly with Sheldon mere inches from him with a big grin on his face. There wasn't much to tell about his life, since he did the show years ago and had been doing children's parties to pay the bills since nobody in the scientific community would take him seriously in spite of a PhD from Cornell. Still, working with kids had to be rewarding, right? (ARTHUR: You get bit a lot.) Sheldon and Leonard both wanted Arthur to perform some experiments.ARTHUR: You two are physicists and want me to perform a children's science show?Yes, they did. Sheldon even provided the puppet from his show: Geno the Neutrino. (got it on eBay for $20 including shipping) But the professor did it perform an experiment where an egg would be sucked into a large flask when it snuffs the flame inside of it. Which Sheldon knew, although Penny didn't. But she certainly wanted to see the electric clock powered by the potato. (PENNY: Shut...UP! You can really do that? I mean, wouldn't that solve the world's energy crisis?) Unfortunately, Professor Proton couldn't do any more. Sheldon thought it was Penny's fault, but she was the only reason he had stayed that long. Arthur was burned out over being Professor Proton, thinking it never gotten him anything.ARTHUR: I've got potatoes in my briefcase, other scientists think I'm a joke, and the puppeteer who did Geno did my wife.But Leonard and Sheldon gave him some perspective. Sheldon said that Professor Proton was the only friend he had at his house every day at 4 PM, and Leonard told him he must have influenced thousands of kids into becoming scientists, so their accomplishments were just as much his. He thanked him for their kind words and thanked them even more for calling 911 because his pacemaker was acting up. Sheldon wanted to ride along in the ambulance, and Arthur was disappointed to learn ambulances weren't reserved for next-of-kin. Still, he would be OK, Sheldon's singing of Soft Kitty in his hospital room was a help ("the fourth time was the charm"), and he even asked Sheldon to perform his act for a Korean family the next day because he was laid up.SHELDON: Should I call myself Professor Proton, Jr.?ARTHUR: Sounds great.SHELDON: So, in a way, it's like I'm your son. (hugs him) Father!ARTHUR: Sure, what the hell.
