I admit being on Sheldon's side this time. Gremlins is a baffling movie, since they tell you the rules right up front about not getting them wet or feeding them after midnight. Then again, it's a creature voiced by Howie Mandel in a movie where Phoebe Cates keeps her clothes on, so it's really not worth getting in a tizzy over it. The boys are celebrating Columbus day by watching movies written by, you guessed it, Chris Columbus. Penny has upgraded Leonard to "honey," leaving "sweetie" for others as part of a thinly veiled attempt to soften an insult, according to Sheldon.PENNY: You're boring people, sweetie.SHELDON: Although sometimes she omits the veil entirely.Penny is going to have Thanksgiving at her place, since her family will be busy with her brother's trial at that time. Although Leonard might like him, as he is sort of a chemist. Howard has to decline, as the relatives are coming over for tur-briska-fil. ("Turkey stuffed with a brisket, stuffed with gefilte fish. It's not as good as it sounds.") Raj usually goes to Howard's house, but the thought sends him out of the room crying. And not because of the tur-briska-fil. (He would run out screaming if it was.)Raj comes back out to talk...once Penny leaves. It turns out that Raj was trying to prove the predicted composition of trans-Neptunian objects and failed. Without his research, he will be deported. The good news is, he discovered Netflix streams movies online now. Sheldon thinks he shouldn't go back to India: he can be a stateless pirate instead. Best of all, it's a predominantly-male vocation, so talking to women wouldn't be a major stumbling block.At the University, Raj laments that he won't be able to get a hamburger in India, and he'll miss beefaroni most of all. This doesn't stop Sheldon from pointing out that Hindus treating cows like gods is a fallacy, but what else is new. Howard brings some good news. Dr. Laughlin wants someone to join his stellar research team. Raj gets an interview, and he does quite well with Dr. Laughlin. That is until he meets Dr. Millstone. She (yes, she) will be heading up the data analysis team, and Raj immediately changes his mind on the sherry Dr. Laughlin offered earlier. She is impressed by his paper on Kuiper Belt size object distribution, and he is able to explain it once he has the first sherry. After the second sherry, he'll be happy to discuss it further in his hot tub. So much for the interview.Raj is lamenting losing his job and getting insulted by his cousin Sanjay, also known as Dave from AT&T Customer Service. Sheldon has a solution. He was going to explore string theory from gamma ray dark matter annihilations, and Raj can work for him.RAJ: You want me to work with you?SHELDON: For me. You're going to have to listen more carefully when you're on the job.RAJ: Please Don't take this the wrong way, but I would rather swim buck naked across the Ganges with a paper cut on my nipple and die a slow agonizing death from a viral infection than work with you.SHELDON: FOR me.At his office the next day, Raj decides that he can work with/for Sheldon under certain conditions, primarily that he be treated as an equal, get proper credit for all work, and never hear anything from Sheldon again about Hinduism or Indian culture. Sheldon is impressed by the well thought-out conditions. He rejects all of them. Raj still accepts the job. However, Sheldon demands that Raj interviews like everyone else. BAZINGA!Penny and Leonard are at the apartment and they decide to get really kinky...by making out in Sheldon's spot. They are getting freaky the carnal corner when Howard pops in. It turns out that this is the night he and Raj normally go line dancing, but Raj is working late with Sheldon. Howard doesn't seem to be taking the hint and joins them to watch "Sex and the City." Sheldon and Raj must focus on their research at work. Focusing on research, you may be interested to know, even has a theme song: Eye of the Tiger by Survivor. (Oh, to have Mr. T come on the show as Clubber Lang and go a few rounds on Sheldon sometime, huh?)Leonard and Penny emerge from the bedroom to find Howard already there. Once again, without Raj to help him scam on hippie chicks at the farmer's market, he has no place to go on a Sunday. This time, Leonard and Penny are less subtle with their hints, and Howard goes. He does remind them to eat the scrambled eggs while they're hot, and there are some lox and cream cheese in the refrigerator and the bagels are warming up in the oven. They feel guilty, so they invite him back. Leonard didn't have to yell very loud, since Howard was waiting right outside the door.At the university, Sheldon and Raj were arguing about some numbers regarding dark matter in outer space. I'll skip the details and go to the part where Sheldon gets offended that Raj erases some of his data to prove his point. Sheldon starts erasing Raj's writing with his hand. Raj refuses to give him the eraser back, so Sheldon tries to lay down the law. Raj asks if he is so smart, can he do that trick where you wiggle your middle fingers outside of your flat palms, which of course Sheldon can't do. Raj has had enough and leaves. It turns out Raj's corrections were the right way to go and Sheldon goes to apologize, offering Raj his job back. Raj has conditions, which Sheldon rejects before Raj can offer them. He'll see Sheldon on Monday.
