This could be a leftover from Penny's (Kaley Cuoco) failed acting career, but Sheldon (Jim Parsons) noted that Joseph Stalin once tried to breed human women and gorillas to make a supersoldier. Leonard (Johnny Galecki) thought that might work with hippos, since they're supposed to be the deadliest creatures, but as Howard (Simon Helberg) correctly pointed out, they could be stopped with marbles if they were hungry-hungry. Sheldon decided without letting Raj (Kunal Nayyar) have a chance that koala bears would make the best supersoldier because they'd be too cute to fight. Although the gang was eating dinner, Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) wondered why Penny hadn't started studying her job material for her new role as a pharmaceutical rep on Monday. Penny figured it was three weeks of training so she'd learn everything then. That didn't sit well with Bernadette, but Penny didn't want to become a teacher's pet. Bernadette thought it couldn't hurt to impress the trainer.LEONARD: I don't know. Who hear has been hurt because they were the teacher's pet? (Everybody except Penny and Bernadette raise their hands.)SHELDON: It's like the rest of the class WANTED Mrs. McDonald to forget the quiz.Sheldon visited Mrs. Davis (Regina King) to continue their discussion about Sheldon being forced to continue String Theory. The discussion was going "please---no---please---no---please---no---", so it was Sheldon's turn. ("Please?") But Mrs. Davis came up with a solution in his absence. If the university promoted Sheldon to junior professor, he could study whatever field he liked. The downside, of course, being Sheldon would have to teach a class.SHELDON: So your solution is to promote me and pay me more money so that I can impart my knowledge to the next generation of scientists? You people are SICK!Penny joined Amy (Mayim Bialik) at her workplace, although Amy wasn't too thrilled the starfish she was stimulating the pleasure center of was having a better day than her. Penny didn't want to have lunch with Bernadette because she wouldn't stop bugging Penny about the new job. Amy figured Bernadette wanted to do her well, particularly given how bad Penny was as a waitress, but Penny thinks she's going overboard and asked Amy if she agreed. Amy felt uncomfortable talking about Bernadette when she wasn't there. (AMY: Usually when someone's being talked about behind their back, it's me and right in front of my face.) Then again, there was research to show talking negatively about a third party could be a strong bonding force between two friends. (AMY: So I'm saying in the spirit of science, what is that skank's problem?)While Sheldon complains to the guys about having to teach a class, despite his affinity for telling people they're wrong, handing out grades, and listening to the sound of his own voice, Amy goes back to stimulating the starfish to measure its seratonin levels. (AMY: Yeah, you like that, don't you. Come on, say my name.) Bernadette skypes her and asks to have a drink sans Penny. Bernadette was a little frustrated with her, and Amy correctly guessed it was because she got Penny the job and thinks she should be working harder to prepare for it.BERNADETTE: So it's not just me! You see it, too!AMY: (playing both sides) Yes, I do! I see it!BERNADETTE: It's driving me crazy. This afternoon, I saw on Instagram that instead of studying, she went out to lunch and got a manicure!AMY: That's outrageous!Amy was clearly happy to have another session of talking about someone behind their back so she could bond with Bernadette.The guys check in to see how Sheldon's class is going, only nobody signed up for it. (SHELDON: I called the department's secretary. Apparently, I have a reputation for being obnoxious.) Not really sure where that came from. He even brought Fig Newtons for the class...which he was going to throw away in front of them the second one of them said they were named for Isaac Newton and not the Massachusetts town. Howard offered to take his class. He had been thinking of getting his doctorate, but Sheldon thought Howard wouldn't get a single thing discussed in a graduate-level physics class. Howard was quite offended and firmly stated he was smart enough to take his class. Sheldon laughed it off, but Howard wasn't backing down. Sheldon asked him how to determine the ground state of a quantum system with no solution, and Howard knew to guess a wave function and vary its parameters until he got the lowest wave solution. Integrate X squared times e to the -X without looking it up? He'd use Feynman's trick and differentiate under the integral sign. The correct interpretation to quantum mechanics? Not only did Howard know every interpretation gave the same results, he knew Sheldon's favorite was the Many Worlds Interpretation, so that was his answer.HOWARD: Now do you think I'm smart enough?SHELDON: (laughing it off again) Nooooo.HOWARD: (pissed) Oh come on! You know, you might have gone to school a couple of more years than me but engineers are just as smart as physicists.SHELDON: YOU TAKE THAT BACK!!HOWARD: (mocking Sheldon) Nooooo.Amy tells Sheldon the story of how Penny is complaining about Bernadette to her and vice versa, and Sheldon wants to know why she's interrupting him planning his lesson for Howard. (AMY: Because it's taken fifteen years, but high school is finally AWESOME!) Sheldon is annoyed because she's getting in the way of him trying to figure out how to emasculate a friend of his.AMY: You better watch that attitude, buddy. You're dating the popular girl now!Sheldon's lesson planning drags late into the night. He had stuff up on his whiteboards even he couldn't understand. Leonard was annoyed and wanted to know why Sheldon was doing this. Sheldon claimed he was a teacher and it was his job, but Leonard figured it scared Sheldon that someone may be as smart as him, if not smarter. Sheldon gives that some thought...and asks Leonard how he could use Howard's peanut allergy against him. Leonard decides to tell Howard, and Howard arrives at the class the next day to say he wasn't going to take the class if Sheldon was going to intentionally make it hard just to embarass him. But if Sheldon really wanted to teach the class, he'd stay. Sheldon was touched. He thought both of them could benefit from this experience. He asked Howard about the Brachistochrone problem and how it related to the calculus of variations. Howard knew it was an inverted cycloid. Then Sheldon wanted to know about Euler-Lagrange theorems, and Howard admitted being a little fuzzy about that.SHELDON: HA!! I knew it! We have a lot to cover before your first test. Which, by the way, is in eight minutes. The good news is, I'm grading on a curve, so you're pretty much guaranteed a C.And Howard puts on the headphones. Sheldon is offended, but if Sheldon was going to be a crappy teacher, then Howard was going to do a crappy imitation of Ludacris. Since Sheldon wouldn't back down and demanded Howard treat him with respect, Howard decided to make a straw and shoot a spitball. Landed in Sheldon's mouth, too. (HOWARD: Is that going to be on the test, because I don't think I can do it again!)Amy called Penny to invite her out for some Pinot Greege (her efforts at sounding hip were pathetic), but Penny wanted to stay home and go over the material Bernadette gave her. Amy figured she wanted to get the nag off her back, but Penny really wanted to try and learn the new job. Amy wanted her to call back if she decided "she (Bernadette) was a bitch or somethin' ", and she calls up Bernadette to try the same thing, except Bernadette was going over to Penny's to help her study. Amy tried to bring up the manicure story that ticked Bernadette off previously, but Bernadette said they had talked and had made up.AMY: That's great! Glad you talked. Because when you aren't getting along, that puts me in a really weird position.And now that they would be nice to each other, she only had her boyfriend, who couldn't talk because he was dying from a spitball...and Leonard couldn't find it. (LEONARD: I promise: your uvula does not have an STD.) Howard comes in with a full head of steam because Sheldon reported him to human resources. He dropped Sheldon's class and could prove he could ask Sheldon a bunch of questions he didn't know the topic on and do to Sheldon what Sheldon did to him. Howard throws a bunch of engineering questions at Sheldon, but he gets the first two. But then he starts panicking on the third. Howard thinks he has him, but Sheldon only stopped to cough up the spitball. (SHELDON: And now I can quit checking my stool!)Studying went well, although it won't surprise me to go on the IMDb board and see certain people think Penny actually slept with a 75-year-old. They decide to call Amy for a drink...who has to high-tail it away from Penny's door before they hear her ringtond, as she was eavesdropping on their study session.On the good side, the guys seem to have made up since they were answering science questions for some early Halloween candy.
