Stuart (Kevin Sussman) was preparing the comic book store for his annual Halloween party, aka his yearly chance to meet women. "Ninth time's the charm!" Raj (Kunal Nayyar) offered to help, claiming he had a certain je ne sais quoi for making parties, but Stuart could only afford the quoi. But since there's no party like a Koothra-party, he was in. And the first thing he could put up was an autographed picture by Howard (Simon Helberg) from NASA, claiming his comic book store was "out of this world." Although he told Walgreen's their store-brand antacids put him "over the moon," so poor Stuart is getting shortchanged. In fact, Howard hasn't been able to talk about anything but being in space since returning, so Sheldon (Jim Parsons) proposes an experiment with Leonard (Johnny Galecki). Leonard asks Howard where they should get dinner. "Anywhere but the space station, but hey, you don't go there for the food; you go for the view." Sheldon asks Howard his opinion on the lemon. And Howard claims the Soyuz rocket is thought of as a lemon, but it got him to the space station and back. So the experiment worked, although Sheldon's fist-bump skills didn't.It's Ladies' Night at the Cheesecake Factory! (AMY: Does it get any better than this? PENNY: God, I hope so.) Amy's tangent into Howard wearing turtlenecks because he misses his foreskin notwithstanding, Amy (Mayim Bialik) and Bernadette (Melissa Rauch) were a bit surprised Penny (Kaley Cuoco) didn't want to go with Leonard to the Halloween party at the comic book store. But Penny said there are a lot of guys who hang out there that are pretty creepy. (BERNADETTE: Like my husband? AMY: And my boyfriend?) They wanted Penny to go because they were going. They thought she should be like them and get interested in the things their boyfriends/husbands are interested in.BERNADETTE: I just think in relationships you get back what you put into them.AMY: That's not always true. Last night I gave Sheldon my best 'come hither' look and he responded by explaining how wheat came to be cultivated.Penny admitted she could be more attentive, and Bernadette suggested taking an interest in his work. But Penny wasn't really clear on what Leonard did. And Bernadette and Amy explaining Leonard being an experimental physicist really didn't help.Amy and Sheldon sat for tea (green with lemon zinger for Amy) and she suggested they have a couples' costume for the party. And Sheldon wholeheartedly agreed. (AMY: Really? I find that inconsistent with everything I know about you.) But Sheldon thought it was one of the best things about a relationship, especially if they went in as America's most-beloved couple: R2D2 and C-3PO. (SHELDON: Dibs on 3PO!) Yeah, that went over well. Amy was hoping for something more romantic, and Sheldon suggested Hewlett-Packard. (SHELDON: Dibs on Hewlett!)Penny stops by Leonard's lab, much to his surprise, since she had never been there before. (Did she see his lab in The Bath Gift Item Hypothesis?) She hoped he wasn't making a robotic girlfriend and he said nobody had attempted that since Howard made the Lisatronic 3000. But that was before he met Bernadette. She asked him what he was working on, and Leonard was creating a front-projecting holographic display combined with laser based finger tracking. To demonstrate he put a pencil in the middle of a optic display and turned it on, projecting the pencil above itself, and he was able to make it move using hand gestures we probably all have to learn for Windows 8. (They sponsor the show now, and given Sheldon that's a bit of an irony.) Penny was quite fascinated, and then Leonard showed her a holographic image of the Earth (which Penny really liked), saying there was an idea in String Theory that all of us are just on a big hologram.LEONARD: What we experience every day in three dimensions may really be just information on a surface located at the farthest reaches of our cosmos. So it's possible our lives are just acting out a painting on the largest canvas.PENNY: (totally turned on) Sometimes I forget how smart you are.The door is locked and the clothes come off.LEONARD: I've never fooled around in the lab before. Well, once I had a shot with the Lisatronic 3000, but the extension cord wasn't long enough.In the cafeteria, as Raj prepared the food list for the party (Food That Goes Bump in the Night), Leonard comes in doing the Walk of Pride. (What women would normally refer to as the Walk of Shame.) His hair and clothes were all messed up and he couldn't be happier. Of course, he couldn't say why this was the case.Howard going on and on about being in space was even getting to Bernadette. She could handle "Astronaut Wolowitz reporting for booty" and "we have liftoff" but asking Bernadette to "jettison the nightgown" was the last one. She wanted him to tone down the space talk, like talking a straight hour about it at dinner. (HOWARD: What was I supposed to talk about? We were eating at Johnny Rockets!) She told him to wait for others to bring it up, and he conceded.Now that Leonard has a very nice way of getting some from Penny, he broke out the electro-magnets and demonstrated how they could hold a very heavy shotput in the air. He does that pretending he's Magneto from the  movies.PENNY: Getting a little less cool, Leonard.LEONARD: But what I really am is a very smart scientist who understands the mechanics of the universe and is wearing the sexy black underwear you bought him.PENNY: There we go. (grabs him)Raj's party planning was putting Martha Stewart to shame. He even found a photo booth that looks like the Tardis from , which Sheldon claimed had nothing to do with Halloween and insisted that he better get it. Raj wanted to borrow Howard's whip and fedora to "dress as Indiana Jones' mocha love child: India Jones." But Howard was upset because everybody was sick of him talking about being in space. Raj denied it, Sheldon admitted to it. (SHELDON: OK, if you think being nice will get him to shut up, I'll try it.)Sheldon and Amy's decision on the couple's costume wasn't going well. His suggestion of being Salt & Pepper didn't fly because salt makes Amy retain water and her cousin was ground to death in a pepper factory. Raggedy Ann & Andy didn't work for Sheldon because of the three things he hated: clowns, children, and raggediness. Sheldon was ready to give up.AMY: No. There are certain things that say to the world 'I have a boyfriend and he's not made up': matching costumes, hickeys, and sex tapes. Pick one.SHELDON: What's a hickey?Howard and Bernadette had no trouble: they were going as Papa Smurf and Smurfette. (They won't let that one slip by on the IMDb boards.) But Howard was still upset because everybody thinks he's boring. But Bernadette insisted he go, mainly because she spent three hours coloring herself blue and if she goes alone, people will think she's a really short person from . (BERNADETTE: I'm going to be washing blue paint out of my smurf for a month!)At the party, Leonard went as Albert Einstein, and Penny was a sexy cop. (Not a slutty cop, that just came with a skirt and two badges.) Meanwhile, Stuart, dressed as Willy Wonka, was having no luck talking to a girl no matter how friendly she was. Oh, and Raggedy Ann & Andy won out. Or should I say, Raggedy Ann and Raggedy C-3PO? (SHELDON: I should have picked hickey.) Raj is upset that Stuart was taking credit for the party, and suddenly a drunk Howard was offended since he heard about that all week and everybody was fine with it. Bernadette pulled him aside and got in his face about it, but Howard thought she should take his side because they were married. (And Simon's imitation of her high-pitched voice was hysterical, but obviously that doesn't translate into text.) He admitted it was the greatest thing he would ever do in his life, and if he stopped talking about it, "then I'm just plain old Howard Wolowitz again."BERNADETTE: "Plain old" Howard Wolowitz is the best guy I know. I married him...on purpose!They made up...and now the Tardis phone booth was now free for them to use after Penny and Leonard exited it. (LEONARD: Just explaining the theory of relativity. Twice.)But Raj did come up with a way to make Howard feel better. He sent him a video of  handing out Halloween Candy.BUZZ: Here's a Milky Way. The Milky Way is a galaxy in space. I've been in space. Here's a Mars Bar. I'm an astronaut. This one's a Moon Pie. I've walked on the moon. What have you done?HOWARD: OK, I get it.
