Ah, the familiar strings of the theme to Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981). It rated a "good" from Amy (Mayim Bialik). Which of course meant Sheldon (Jim Parsons) was about to have a conniption. (AMY: When you said I was going to be "losing my virginity," I didn't think you meant showing a Raiders of the Lost Ark movie.) Still, Amy thought it was quite entertaining, "despite the glaring story problem." Sheldon thought that was so cute, given he watched it 36 times, except for the snake scene and the face-melting scene, and thought there was no way there was a glaring error. (SHELDON: Here's my jaw. Drop it.) And she does: Indiana Jones had no direct influence on the outcome. If he wasn't in it, it would have evolved the same way. (I'll give you a minute to think about that.) Not convinced? According to Amy, the Nazis still got the ark, still would have taken it to the island, and still would have died when they opened it. (Hmmm, now there's some water cooler talk for the morning...except in Chicago, where we'll be talking about the Bears beating the Giants. :-D )AMY: (reaching for Sheldon's jaw) Let me close that for you.Penny (Kaley Cuoco) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki) meet in the lobby. Leonard went to the comic book store alone because Sheldon and Amy were having a date night and he didn't want to make it awkward. (LEONARD: They have each other for that.) At school, Penny picked up a book for her Psych class Leonard may not like: The Disappointing Child. Yup, by Dr. Beverly Hofstadter. Full of every horrible story from his childhood. (PENNY: Cool! Are there pictures?) There are chapters about potty training, bedwetting, and masturbation. (LEONARD: Basically, if something came out of me, she wrote about it!) There's even a chapter on "the breastfeeding crisis." Apparently, Leonard favored the left one. (PENNY: Oh, my God! You still go left!)Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Stuart (Kevin Sussman) were trying to upgrade their online dating profiles, and Howard's answer to the survey question about the celebrity Raj looks the most like? Halle Berry (RAJ: And thank you! I'd kill for that woman's bone structure.) Sheldon decided he would get back at Amy by reading Pride and Prejudice (1995). He planned to ruin it for Amy. (HOWARD: Because her life wasn't enough?) Sheldon explains Amy's reasoning, and now the movie is ruined for everybody. Not even Leonard reasoning Indy and Sallah having the medallion to make the correct-sized staff helped. His smiling needed work. A lot of work. Not to mention his one-word description for the profile: unobjectionable. Raj mentioned his parents' money for his best feature, so he was set.And as if Leonard wasn't having a bad enough day, Penny insisted on knowing why a five-year-old would put on makeup and wear balloon boobies. (LEONARD: They were muscles! And the make-up was green. I wanted to be The Incredible Hulk (1977).) He wanted to smash his way out of the house to get away from her experiments, like the Easter egg hunt with no eggs...which he finished in June. Penny wants to make him feel better but there really wasn't anything she could do. OK, there were a few things she could do, and Leonard certainly wasn't going to argue with her on it. (LEONARD: Just to warn you, I'm gonna go right. Don't make a big deal out of it.)Stuart was about to take his picture for his dating profile, and Raj thought makeup would help him not look like a body they just pulled out of the river. His smiling needed work. A lot of work. Not to mention his one-word description for the profile: unobjectionable. Raj mentioned his parents' money for his best feature, so he was set. They post their profiles, and their profiles are actually being read.RAJ: (pauses) When they read your profile, does it seem like you're exposed, like they're seeing you naked?STUART: Well, they're not running away screaming, so no.Pride and Prejudice (1995) wasn't going to work for Sheldon because it was too well-written, so he goes for another of Amy's favorite pasttimes: the Marmaduke comic strip. (SHELDON: A family has a dog so large and poorly-trained and he causes them nothing but problems. Why are they keeping him?) But Leonard figured they fell in love with Marmaduke as a puppy and didn't realize how big he'd get. (SHELDON: Why couldn't she just love Ziggy? That thing's riddled with plotholes.) He thought he would try Garfield, only one look at the lasagna-eating cat and he was hooked himself. Sheldon asked Leonard for advice on Amy.SHELDON: Can you think of anything she's fond of that has a bunch of flaws she hasn't noticed?LEONARD: (tempting...tempting...) I gotta go.And the place Leonard went was to watch a football game at a sports bar with Penny. Leonard didn't want to go, mainly because he is teased for thinking Quidditch is a sport. Penny wants him to go, but he was too depressed to do it. Penny thinks it's about the book and she decided they didn't have to go if it was. (LEONARD: It's TOTALLY about my mom.) So instead of going to the sports bar to watch the football game, they ordered takeout and watched the blu-ray of The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey (2012) with extended scenes and commentary track.Apparently, playing the sympathy card is working quite nicely for Leonard, given the booty call Penny paid him at work. And Howard is impressed. Leonard explained Penny did anything she could to make him feel better whenever he mentioned his mother or her book. He admitted not being proud of it, but it does work. (LEONARD: I got her to watch a six-hour documentary on Monty Python! Even I was bored; I just wanted to see if she would make it to the end.) And of course Howard, being Howard, decided he would try to play the sympathy card with Bernadette (Melissa Rauch), staying quiet at dinner and saying how sad his childhood was, but Bernadette wasn't taking the bait. Howard tries to press the issue but she still wasn't fooled. He confessed seeing Leonard play the sympathy card with Penny and wanted to try it himself. Nope, he still had to do the dishes while she took a bath.Sheldon calls Amy to invite her over to watch Little House on the Prairie (1974), which was Amy's favorite show as a child. Which sounded lovely to her...only they were on videochat and she was suspicious of him rubbing his hands together.Sheldon and Amy's date was on. Sheldon started by saying the log cabin they lived in was illegally squatting on Indian land. And Laura Ingalls eating a peanut butter sandwich was a bit on the anarchronistic side, given peanut butter wasn't invented until the 1900s. Amy confronted him for trying to get back at her for what she said about Raiders. Amy said if he was upset, he just had to tell her instead of seek revenge.SHELDON: Are you sure? Every time my dad stayed out all night, my mom put hamster poop in his chewing tobacco. Amy assured him she wouldn't do that, so Sheldon admitted she ruined the whole Raiders franchise for him. (SHELDON: Except for the fourth one, which was bad before you got your mitts on it.) Amy apologized and Sheldon felt better. (SHELDON: Except to tell you your precious Garfield has no reason to hate Mondays. He's a cat; he doesn't have a job.)Leonard goes over to Penny's, and she's dressed in a little something from Victoria's Secret because she heard he was feeling bad about his mom lately. (Yeah, you know what's coming.) And she had a solution.DR. BEVERLY HOFSTADTER: (over videochat) I understand you've been whining about my parenting in order to emotionally manipulate your girlfriend.PENNY: (mad as hell) Bernadette told me everything, so now you don't get the left or the right! (storms off to her bedroom)DR. BEVERLY HOFSTADTER: Now let's discuss why you continue to involve me in your sex life. When you were six years old, you walked in on your father and me naked. I was swatting his bottom with your brand new ping pong paddles. How did that make you feel?LEONARD: Penny come back! I'm really sad now!Oh, Raj and Stuart's luck with online dating? Zip. (STUART: I've never felt this rejected, and I had a rescued dog run back to the pound on me.) They figured they were better off getting rejected at the bar.RAJ: (after being rejected at the bar) I was wrong, this is worse.And the guys still couldn't come up with a way Indy was involved in the movie, not even giving the Ark to the government, given it was supposed to go to a museum.
