Penny (Kaley Cuoco) is painting her toenails a lovely shade of pink to hide the fact she inherited her father's feet. She has no plans to find out what the argument is between Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Leonard(Johnny Galecki). Unfortunately, they're so loud she doesn't have to leave her apartment to find out. Leonard asks to sleep on her couch. Leonard asks her if she thinks Sheldon is bat-crazy to argue over the thermostat being set two degrees higher. She says that person is not as crazy as the one who decided to move in with Sheldon. Sounds like a flashback episode, doesn't it? You would be correct in that assumption.SEVEN YEARS EARLIERLeonard walks into the building, having borrowed Juan Epstein's hair from Welcome Back, Kotter (1975), and takes the elevator (yes, it works) looking for Sheldon Cooper's apartment. He chose to ignore the warning from Sheldon's former roommate. ("Dude, run away.")LEONARD: That should have been my first clue.Penny wondered why that wasn't enough of a warning, but naive Leonard thought his roommate might have been the crazy one instead of Sheldon. Back in the past, Leonard knocked on the door (Penny's door), but the large, cross-dressing black person he saw wasn't Sheldon. ("Nah, you want the crazy guy across the hall.") Leonard ignored Clue #2 and knocked on Sheldon's door. And it was time for the quiz.SHELDON: What is the sixth noble gas?LEONARD: Radon?SHELDON: Are you asking me or telling me?LEONARD: Telling you? (pause) Telling you.SHELDON: Kirk or Picard?LEONARD: Original Series over Next Generation but Picard over Kirk.SHELDON: Correct. You've passed the first barrier to roommatehood. You may enter.Leonard gets to see the apartment, which was bereft of any furniture, save a TV, two lawn chairs, and a bunch of whiteboards. Leonard wants to see the bedrooms, but that would be contingent on making it through the second and third barriers. ("Each more daunting than the last.") Leonard sits down, but not in Sheldon's spot after being rebuked. Sheldon finds out Leonard is an experimental physicist. Sheldon asks if he can drive him, as he chooses not to drive (lie). The final question Leonard aced, but it was easy, since the only thing Sheldon wouldn't want in a post-apocalyptic world is procreation.LEONARD: Good! I passed the barriers.SHELDON: Only the second one. Don't get cocky.It was time for the tour and the first stop was the bathroom.SHELDON: When do you evacuate your bowels?LEONARD: Ummm, when I need to?SHELDON: I'm sorry, but I can't rent to hippies.LEONARD: OK, 8:00?SHELDON: I can't give you 8. I can give you 7:30.Leonard agrees, and he gets to see his room. Granted, Leonard would have to paint over the "DIE SHELDON, DIE!" written in blood on the wall, but it was a minor detail.Leonard went over the roommate agreement. He is shocked that he is obligated to watch Firefly on Friday nights, but Sheldon thinks it's important since it will be on for years. There is an apartment flag ("don't fly it upside-down unless the apartment is in distress"), and if either invents time travel, the first place they'll go is five seconds from this meeting time. Leonard initials it...and they make sure nobody shows up.In the present, Leonard defends his decision by saying how nice and affordable the apartment was, and he felt obligated to go through after crashing the first three barriers. And then he brought a girl over.Leonard is making out with Joyce Kim (big mistake to let her go), and Sheldon initiates his first ****-block. And we learn the origins of the three knock-Leonard cadence. ("I'm just going to keep knocking until you answer.") Apparently, the roommate agreement clearly stated you have to give a coitus warning of 12 hours. (LEONARD: I didn't even KNOW HER 12 hours ago!)Penny is certainly more sympathetic to Leonard now. (although helping her with her toenails is winning him points in her book). Penny wants to know why he'd stay when Sheldon chased Joyce Kim out of the apartment, but Joyce turned out to be a North Korean spy trying to get some top secret information from Leonard. Keeping Leonard from federal prison was half the reason he stuck with Sheldon. The other half had to do with the elevator.Back to the past, Sheldon walks in on Leonard...and Raj (Kunal Nayyar) and Howard(Simon Helberg). Seven years ago, Howard was sporting an afro and a soul patch, while Raj apparently didn't get the memo that Miami Vice (1984) was cancelled 10 years earlier. Sheldon was going out of his mind about the leather couch that was now in the apartment. Sheldon thinks he violated the agreement, but Leonard is permitted to decorate 50% of the common area as long as he emails Sheldon. Which he did, and Sheldon checks his Palm Treo for verification. (or whatever they had in 2003). Damn spam filters. Sheldon was mollified by the fact that Raj wasted his money on an iPod when Microsoft has one of their own coming out.PENNY: But what does this have to do with the elevator?Perhaps it had something to do with Leonard wanting to watch Babylon 5, which Sheldon denies, since nobody in this apartment (meaning him) likes Babylon 5 (1993). But Leonard says it's a tie, and he didn't agree to the "all ties decided by Sheldon" rule. Which Sheldon did agree to, so all ties...Leonard decides he can fix it, by having everyone leave. Sheldon tries to go with, but he's the guy they're trying to get away from. ("The correct syntax is: the guy from whom you're trying to get away.") They go to Howard's, and Howard's mother is in good voice tonight. (Didn't sound like Carol Ann Susi, though. Hmmm.) Howard has a three-stage rocket he created, and Leonard thought it was his lucky day because he had rocket fuel back at the apartment. The thing he was going to show Joyce Kim. They return, and Sheldon tells him the rocket fuel won't work because Leonard didn't adjust the formulas correctly to account for a model rocket instead of the real thing. Leonard goes ballistic, and so does the fuel. He tries to take it out of the apartment, but Sheldon does it for him by sealing it in the elevator before it exploded. Sheldon saved his life and didn't rat him out to the police, landlord, or Homeland Security.PENNY: So the reason I've been walking up and down the stairs for three years is that you did something stupid?Leonard guffaws, not believing Penny didn't do anything stupid 7 years ago. She was in high school, keeping her nose clean, doing community work, and celebrating the pregnancy test coming back negative.Back in the present, Leonard apologizes to Sheldon for setting the thermostat to the wrong number. He goes to watch Babylon 5. Oops.SHELDON: Don't make me turn that flag upside-down, because I'll do it!
