Jack Bauer is called to his office because there's a threat on the life of a US Senator who's running for President; Jack also discovers that his daughter has skipped out her bedroom window.
On the day of the California Presidential Primary, between midnight and 1:00 AM, the spy Victor Rovner sends a message from Kuala Lumpur to USA. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, the Federal Agent Jack Bauer has returned to his family and is having trouble at home with his teenage daughter Kimberly, who blames her mother Teri for putting Jack out of the house. Teri and Jack decide to have a serious conversation with Kim, and they discover that the girl has run away from home. While trying to solve his domestic problem, Jack is called to his Counter Terrorist Unit by his colleague Nina Myers for a meeting with their chief Richard Walsh, who discloses a menace against the life of Senator David Palmer, who is running for president, and they need to find the shooter. Later, Walsh has a private conversation with Jack and tells that there is a conspiracy in the agency against David Palmer, and assigns Jack to find the conspirators. When an airplane explodes over the Mojave Desert, Jack has one additional issue to worry about.
In the premier opener, we are introduced to Jack Bauer, a family man who has just moved back in with his estranged wife Teri. His daughter Kimberly despises her mother because she was the one who threw Jack out of the house in the first place. Jack tries to patch things up with his family when he gets a call from CTU to come in. Along with fellow CTU agents Tony Almeida, Nina Meyers, and Jamey Farell. They are briefed by Richard Walsh that Senator David Palmer, the first African American with a real chance at the White House, will be assassinated before the day is through. Jack thinks David is a likely target because of his skin color, and the race is on to prevent the assassination before it happens. The series follows the lives of both CTU field agents and Palmer's candidacy, as the Palmers' face accusations of a rape/murder incident that took place seven years ago.
