An assassin has stolen the ID of a photographer scheduled to meet a presidential candidate; Jack's wife searches for their daughter; Jack gets more evidence of a rogue within his unit.
On the day of the California Presidential Primary, between 1:00 AM and 2:00 AM, Richard Walsh meets his inside informer Scott Baylor in the Dunlop Plaza, who delivers a key card with data of the CTU conspirator. However, they are ambushed, there is a shoot-out, Scott is killed and Walsh calls Jack Bauer to come to help him. In Mojave Desert, Mandy hides the ID of David Palmer's photographer in the sand with a beacon and is rescued by her contractor; later her partner picks the ID up in a motorcycle. Meanwhile, Kim and her friend Janet are abducted while Teri and Alan seek their daughters. Jack helps Walsh, who gives the key card to him after being shot, dying soon after. Jack is very surprised with the identity of the rogue of his agency. David Palmer contacts a friend and sneaks out from his suite.
CTU discovers that an airplane went down the Mojave Desert. Unbenowist to them, it was carrying the person who was supposed to snap Palmer's picture at a breakfast meeting. An assassin named Many emerges with the man's wallet, and hides a transponder in the desert spot where she lands after she made the jump. A girl named Brigette picks it up. Mandy is revealed to be working for a man named Ira Gaines. One of Ira's men has plastic surgery to resemble the photographer. Mandy wants to lay low for a while, seeing she completed what she was assigned to do. Meanwhile, Kimberly and her best friend Janet have been kidnapped by two men in which a local party the girls were attending turned out to be a rouse. With the help of Alan York, a worried Teri searches for her daughter. Meanwhile, Walsh has a meeting with his source who gives him a key card. Jack is called in when Walsh is ambushed. Jack and Walsh both take out two men, but a third shoots Walsh as he hands Jack the key card. They key card is the only hint in Palmer's assassination attempt...
