Donald Anspaugh (John Aylward) arrives. Dr Skye Wexler (Kari Matchett) says that the chaos is caused by the lack of somebody in charge. Anspaugh makes her the one in charge, although Wexler refuses the honour. Dr Gregory Pratt (Mekhi Phifer) takes it specially bad, and he's got a passive-aggresive attitude when Skye talks to him about colaborating.A Portuguese factory worker saves his boss, John Murphy (Sam Murphy) in a work-related accident. Archie Morris (Scott Grimes) has to separate the son of the Portuguese worker from the son of the factory owner's son, who is completely racist. The Portuguese lady leaves hospital. When his mother signs the consentment to amputate his father's arm, John goes completely frantic.Abby Lockhart (Maura Tierney) continues working and drinking. Pratt asks the just returned Dr Luka Kovac (Goran Visnjic) to write a professional recomendation, as he feels that managemente prefers Skye to be in charge. Kovac advises him to present a plan to solve one of the many problems of the service. Abby complains because of the visit of Luka's brother, as she wanted to have some intimacy with Luka. He says that he'll send his brother to a hotel.A stupid father wants to give treatment to his son but without any painkiller. The son agrees in order to prive his father that he can be a man. Tony Gates (John Stamos) asks one of the nurses to give the child some painkillers. Nurse Chuny Marquez (Laura Cerón).Manny, the son of the Portuguese worker, arrives after Murphy had beaten him to death. Wexlar asks Lucien Dubenko (Leland Orser) to try futher, although it's not going to be of any use.Harold Zelinsky (Steven Christopher Parker) is afraid that he's going to die a virgin old man, because the day of his graduation girl his girl left with somebody else.John's father wakes up. John tells him that he has taken care of things. John's father tells John that the ilegal cleaning lady tried to save him. John's father admits that it was all his fault because he didn't follow safety procedure. Security has to be called in, and the police arrest John, who had been told by the factory management that it was her fault.News that Moretti has left because of the deteriorating condition of his son spread through staff. Lucien shows Skye where her new office is. Skye is honest with him, and says that her sexuality is fluid, but offers him to have sexual relationships without compromise. Lucien agrees. They make love right there.
