A cha-cha song is played on the turntable by Mark Greene's father. They discuss his late wife's unusual musical taste. The scene cuts to Elizabeth Corday and her mother, Isabelle, discussing surgeon's hours. Elizabeth has been up very late. Isabelle recognizes that Elizabeth's father has visited recently since she found some English perfume that her father gave her a year ago as a gift. Isabelle has to leave but mentions interest in observing a laser angioplasty that Elizabeth is scheduled to perform later in the day since her work with lasers is impractical. Elizabeth is indifferent to the idea until her mother says she'll drop by later, uninvited, and Elizabeth is defiant - but her mother doesn't listen and leaves.Mark is shaving and singing with the "Oklahoma" soundtrack when his dad pops his head in and mentions that he needs to get refills on his prescriptions and wants Mark to write scripts. Mark disagrees since his dad has an advanced respiratory disease, emphysema. He believes it is not good medicine for one family member to treat another, which makes his father upset that he has to visit another pulmonologist.In the ER, Amira (the new desk clerk) is hanging Valentine's Day decorations and asks Luka to help. He doesn't understand Valentine's Day in America and Carol explains it to him. Abby is bringing in Mrs. Connelly, a widow of a former patient of Dr. Carter's. Abby starts to work up the patient's history and physical, she believes the patient has urosepsis. She asks Yosh, the nurse, to start the labs while she tracks down Carter to confirm the diagnosis and treatment.Elizabeth runs into Mark outside the hospital. Elizabeth is annoyed with her mother and wants to spend time alone with Mark. Obviously, Elizabeth and her mother have a dysfunctional relationship as it seems her mother thinks of her more as a friend or casual acquaintance rather than a daughter. Mark jokingly asks why Elizabeth invited her mother to stay at her apartment and Elizabeth replies with sarcasm. They start a snowball fight, which continues in the entrance of the ER. As Lucy Knight calls another patient (Paul Sobriki), the fight between Elizabeth and Mark continues in front of them and Paul is very cautious. Mark calls a truce but then plants a snowball down Elizabeth's back as she walks into the doctor's lounge and she screams. Lucy starts interviewing Paul concerning his chief complaint - a bad headache that wasn't resolved with aspirin. He is also suffering from nausea and photophobia.Dr. Chen and Dr. Dave are fighting over a patient in a very tight c-collar. Apparently, he was Dave's patient first but he was busy and Dr. Chen took over. Dr. Greene walks in during their bickering to discover that the patient is a family medicine doctor in Philadelphia and used to be an attending. He finds the bickering amusing and Mark tells him to shout if he needs help and leaves.Abby finds Dr. Carter and updates him on Mrs. Connelly, but Lucy interrupts to update him on Paul's physical exam and ask about treatment. She believes Paul has a migraine since he does not present with a stiff neck or fever. She asks if it's OK to give him 6 mg of subcutaneous Imitrex. Dr. Carter agrees without seeing the patient and asks to be updated if Paul's status changes.Dr. Carter walks in to check up on Mrs. Connelly and finds out that she tests positive for a urinary tract infection. Dr. Carter asks what course of treatment Abby is considering but disagrees with her choice of antibiotics. Abby informs him that Mrs. Connelly is severely hypotensive due to the sepsis. She wants to treat her with fluid resuscitation without first consulting the patient about her wishes. Dr. Carter tells her to make sure Mrs. Connelly wants to be resuscitated first.As Carter walks into the hall, Mark questions him about his supervision of Lucy's patient. Carter walks into the exam room to find that Paul has vomited and is babbling incoherently. His mental status is altered and he is not presenting with a normal migraine. Carter admonishes Lucy for not requesting help sooner and asks Malik to administer 2 mg of Ativan to calm Paul down. He also tells Lucy to draw up some more labs while he retrieves an LP kit for a spinal tap.Elizabeth starts scrubbing in to assist Dr. Romano in a removal of an insulinoma (insulin-producing adenoma) due to seizures in a patient named Gretel. Elizabeth is caught off guard by Romano's concern but soon discovers that the patient is not human, but canine - it's Romano's dog.Dr. Carter and Lucy are preparing to perform a spinal tap to rule out meningitis in Paul Sobriki after Malik gave him Ativan. Paul appears to be unconscious while Carter gently grabs the back of Paul's neck and behind the knees to round out his spine, making the LP easier to perform. As Lucy begins to stick the needle in Paul's back, he wakes up and tries to get away by violently thrashing around. Carter tells Malik to give more Ativan and Lucy to keep advancing the needle. She is unnerved but continues the LP, successfully. Paul is obviously traumatized by the incident.Romano's dog, Gretel, is on the operating table and Dr. Babcock (the anesthesiologist) is drawing up medication from a vial into a syringe. They discuss different breeds. Apparently, Gretel is a Bouvier which is not scrawny (like Babcock believed) but robust. The rest of the surgical staff start making sarcastic remarks and Elizabeth tells Robert that it's not proper to be operating on a canine since she is not a veterinarian. Robert is indignant and exclaims that he wouldn't send Gretel to a "poodle surgeon."
