Benton travels to a small rural town in Mississippi to administer to the sick. Jeanie suffers a medical setback. [weebly_one]Benton is on his way to rural LaVerne, Mississippi, to help support a small community clinic. Something of a disappointment since he thought he was on his way to Minnesota. On his first day, he gets a taste of local resentment and distrust and informs the nurse running the clinic that he won't be staying. As he heads out of town, he encounters a tractor accident involving a man and a small boy. Benton decides to return to the LaVerne clinic where he is greeted by the mother of the small boy (who also presents him with a freshly made sweet potato pie). Benton's next experience is treating a young pregnant girl who doesn't get the treatment she needs when her father runs him off the property. Benton is frustrated at the lack of concern and care by both the locals and the nurse. The young pregnant girl goes into labor and when the nurse can't make it out of the house, Benton goes with the unwilling father of the girl, but he's not an OB and has to rely on computer instructions to deliver the breech baby. There's a chance that there could be problems for the new mother from her father since the baby's father was likely African-American, so Benton arranges for the baby and mother to live elsewhere temporarily. An elderly man Benton was treating is found dead and a young girl he was counseling for diabetes is seen at a nearby hospital where the doctor discovers the girl has a hole in her heart, something that Benton missed. Surgery is needed immediately, but the girl's grandmother refuses treatment because of her distrust of doctors in general. A shrimp boat accident brings in several men with serious injuries. Benton treats the men at the dock with fish hooks, plastic wrap, and fishing pliers. Benton returns to Chicago with the diabetic girl and her grandmother in tow (the implication is that Benton put up the money for their transportation himself). On his return, Benton finds Jeanie back in the hospital fighting the Hep C. [Suz__Leigh]
