4 a.m. Monday, a pouring rain.Dr. Gates comes to work. And ambulance pulls up. It brings Stacy, a 17-year-old female found passed out after a drinking game at a party.Lydia wakes up Dr. Morris to deal with an older woman who the paramedics found on the street. She fell. She's in her nightgown. This is an homage to the first episode of ER when Lydia woke Dr. Greene.Jerry tells Gates that the girls' friends want to check on her. With a blood alcohol of .420, this isn't the best time.(The credits show everybody who appears later, including Noah Wyle, Eriq LaSalle and Laura Innes in all their old clips. Aw.)7 a.m.Brenner arrives. It's still pouring.He greets the med students as one heads off to deal with PV (projectile vomiting). Jerry hands things off to Frank behind the desk.Lydia heads home.Morris' elderly patient wakes up. She says her name is Beverly, but she doesn't know her last name. Her wrist is broken.Gates has done all he can for the drunk teen. Now they wait.He thinks it's time for her friends to see the shape she's in.About 10 teenage girls come in the ER to see Stacy. She's in a coma. Her parents aren't there, but the parents who hosted the party are.The girls were drinking vodka and Kool-aid, playing "I never." Stacy won.They got the vodka from the parents, who say they'd rather the kids drink at home. The parents
act surprised that anyone would question their choice of letting teenagers drink at home rather
than drink elsewhere.Gates tells someone to call the cops.Morris briefs the med students on the board of patients, including a hallucinating trombone player.Sanchez, Julia and Chaz are given their assignments.Brenner picks Chaz to show around a group of prospective med students, so he doesn't have to.Morris is halfway out the door with a donut when Beverly's daughter shows up. Morris has to wait for a really long monologue from the daughter about how worried she was to tell her her mom will be fine.He tries to leave again. Sanchez hounds him on the way out, but he makes it back outside and into the rain.The police arrive to talk to Gates about the girl with alcohol poisoning. The dad yells at Gates and comes after him. The cops break it up.More rain.A construction worker comes in with a rebar through is femoral artery.A storm watch plays on TV.Stacys parents arrive. Gates goes to talk to them.Carter shows Kerry Weaver and Susan Lewis around the shiny new Carter Center, a gorgeous private hospital with marble in the foyer. It's for homeless and poor people.He'll do the fundraising.Susan knew he was rich, but not this rich.He says it's ill-begotten gains put to good use. He spent most of it.Med student Julia meets with an old man named Gandhi (his mom was a Mahatma fan). He's having trouble breathing. He tells Brenner he has had AIDS for since 1987.Sanchez looks at a young Hispanic boy's x-ray. He explains to his grandmother in Spanish that they're not going to take out her rosary that he swallowed. They'll wait. The word "caca" is used.Brenner helps Julia with the old man, who has fluid in his lungs. Julia drains it.They move Stacy out of the trauma room.Gates gets ready to go home. Another one of Stacy's friends is in the waiting room. He tells her they don't know when or if she's going to regain consciousness.The friend wasn't at the party, but Stacy was texting her. She said she was throwing up. The friend wishes she'd called someone.Chaz shows the prospective med students around, including past a puking guy in the waiting room. A young woman in the group, who looks familiar, takes it all in.He explains how the ER works.He takes them in to see Brenner giving chest compressions to a morbidly obese man who's coding. Brenner kicks them out.Julia has bad news for Gandhi. He doesn't have pneumonia. She says it's great he's been able to fight it off this long. She chokes up telling him he has cancer. He and his partner mention the names of many men they know who have died of AIDS through the years.Carter arrives.A woman, pregnant with twins, who was in a car accident is brought in.Brenner asks a watching Carter if he'd care to pitch in. The woman writhes and screams then pushes. The baby cries and her daughter is born.One down, one to go. Carter beams at the baby.Her husband arrives. Frank IDs him as "the wet anxious guy."One of the prospective med students says hi to Frank. He doesn't remember her. It's Mark Greene's daughter, Rachel.The pregnant mom starts to push out the second kiddo, but it gets complicated.Another girl comes out, but she's not crying yet. They're trying to suction out her lungs. The mom starts bleeding a lot.And then her uterus comes out of her body, which is definitely not a good thing.4 p.m.Gates tries to ignore the beep of a tow truck outside his loft, but he's up.Back in the trauma room, the mom is not doing well at all. Julia succeeds in pushing the woman's uterus back in. They have to take her into surgery.She's wheeled out and the dad is left looking at bloody foot and cart prints on the floor.Gates picks his daughter Sara up at school. He asks her if she ever played "I never" and then how many drinks she thinks it'd take to be drunk enough to die.At her weight, he says, 6 drinks.He programs his number into her phone under "help," saying he'll come, no questions asked.The rain finally stopped. The twins are fine and mom is in surgery. Her mother-in-law arrives with the couple's three boys.Chaz tells Carter that Rachel was there. He goes to find her.She's 22 and doing her undergrad at Duke. Elizabeth works there. He invites them to the opening that night.Julia's older male patient has two months to live.Gates helps Sam's son Alex paint a car.Julia talks to Gandhi. His friend Jerry is there. He turns down chemo. So many of his friends already died. He's had his time. He went skydiving last year in Hawaii.He tells Julia he just doesn't want dying to hurt. She tells him they can help with that.7 p.m.Brennan reviews the board. Hallucinating trombone guy is still there.Gates is back. His coma girl is still there.Frank turns things back over to Jerry, gloating that all his paperwork is done.Carter talks to Dr. Banfield about Rachel Greene's chances to get a spot there. She doesn't want to say anythign but then tell him Rachel made the first cut.Brenner talks to Neela via web cam. She's enjoying teaching.Carter follows Brenner to surgery to check on the twins' mom. The twins are doing OK.Julia brings the three boys to meet their new baby sisters. One of the boys asks, "Where's my mom?"Mr. Manning and his wife come back in via ambulance. She has sepsis.Gates goes to see them.Carter welcomes people to his center. They'll provide outpatient care to the homeless, people with HIV/AIDS and the under-privileged. Benton is in the audience.It's named the Joshua Carter Center for his son, who died.Carter looks up to see his wife in the back of the room.He finishes his speech and goes to talk to her. He's surprised she's there. They only get a second before he's dragged away by someone.Gates gently tells Mr. Manning that his wife has a DNR and she doesn't want them to intervene. She'd only live a week or two on machines if they did anything. It's time to talk about how to make her comfortable.Julia goes to check on the twins' mom. The doctor tells her bluntly that she coded and they worked on her for an hour, but she died.Downstairs, the whole ER sings Happy Birthday to Sam.Alex arrives with her present, which he drove there.Gates follows them out. Alex gives her the keys. Gates and Alex fixed it up together.It's a cherry red Ford Mustang. It purrs.In the doctor's lounge, Julia tells Brenner she's not sure if she can do this. She's bothered that she can't help everyone.10 p.m.
Two ambulances come in, bearing a bride and her mother-in-law. The bride has a broken arm and the mother-in-law has a gash to the forehead.At Carter's center, Benton, Weaver and Susan bust on Carter for all the crazy mistakes he made as a young doctor. They plan to meet up later for drinks.Carter finally gets a moment with his wife.She declines drinks. She's flying out tomorrow night. It's hard for her to be there.He asks her to lunch, but she chokes up thinking about their son. He'd be almost 6 years old.Gates checks on an old man with penile pain. He's very sexually active at the nursing home. Gates tells him he fractured it. The man calls it "Mr. Fred."He'll need surgery and be out of action five to six weeks."Good lord," he says, "what am I going to tell the girls?"Sam tells Gates she can't keep the car because he obviously spent too much on it. He tells her Alex learned how to rebuild a car, if she doesn't take it, she'll break his heart. Jerry offers her $500 cash. She turns him down.Mrs. Manning is having irregular breathing. Sam tells her husband it's part of the dying process.They've known each other 72 years. He met her in sixth grade. He hasn't looked at another woman since. Sam watches as he tries to say good-bye.Alex shows up at the bar, with Rachel in tow, and says hi to Benton, Carter, Susan and Kerry.Carter sits among them as they chat. Carter looks around at his former co-workers and we get a sense of comfort.In the ER, the bride and mother-in-law continue to go at it, insulting each other. They fight over the husband and son when he arrives. The mother-in-law is played by Marilu Henner. Both women scream at the newly married man and he's torn between the two. The Manning's daughter shows up and tells Sam how tough her mom was, hard on them but that her father took care of her. Sam listens and then calls her mom.Tuesday 1 a.m.The ER originals stumble out of the bar.Carter takes Rachel to the ER for a field trip.Benton walks Elizabeth to her car. He says Cleo is good. Elizabeth says she's not dating with 9-year-old Elle at home.They hug good-night and go their separate ways.Carter brings Rachel and Susan to the ER.Rachel gets a good floor show that includes maggots and hallucinations.
Carter shows Rachel how to do an IV on a passed out drunk dude which is another
reminder of the first episode scene where Benton taught Carter how to start an IV. Dr. Banfield sees and isn't pleased but she sorta gets it. Susan visits with the staff, which also displeases Dr. Banfield.Sam finds Gates to tell him Mrs. Manning died.Her husband wants to stay with her a little longer.Morris checks on Beverly who was found wandering the streets again.Sam and Gates watch Mr. Manning say good-bye. In a really meanful closeup we see
Sam take Tony's hand.Carter shoots hoops outside. He's trying to stay awake so he can call his wife soon. (Another
reminder of the early days when Ross and Greene used to shoot baskets). Gates joins him and asks if Carter is coming back. Maybe.Chuni comes for Gates. Her alcohol poisoning girl started thrashing. She's awake, but not coherent and on oxygen. We see what she sees and it's very blurry. He orders another CT.The staff tells Rachel ER war stories.Julia comes in, she couldn't sleep.Then, Sam gets a message: there was an explosion at a power sub-station, at least eight burn and blast victims.Everybody goes on high alert. They gown and glove and wait outside. Chun brings Carter a disposable lab coat and says, "here Dr. C." They stand outside, waiting, as the sirens approach.The ambulances pull up one after another. Dr. Banfield tells Morris to do triage (assign patients after an initial rapid assessment.)Rachel watches.Carter suits up, telling Rachel he has a little déjà vu. He takes a patient. They wheel by Rachel, he turns to her, "Dr. Greene, you coming?"The "ER" theme swells and the camera pulls back to reveal the name "Cook County General"
as we see the whole hospital and ER entrance.
