Dr Lee reveals her true colours after Green does some detective work. Benton gets a fresh insight into communicating sign language which makes him reconsider his decisions about Reece.Carter discovers that he has tested positive for TB. Mark has a more than friendly relationship with Amanda Lee, who is secretly nurturing an obsession, with Mark as her target. A woman collapses in the cafeteria, but then leaves AMA (against medical advice). Dr. Lisa Parks, the deaf physician Benton met with earlier, brings her granddaughter into the ER. Corday is interested in publishing her recent experience where she overdosed a patient while working without adequate rest, but both Benton and Anspaugh have negative opinions on the matter. The ER ramps up for a mass casualty related to a plane crash, but the event is called off when no survivors are found. An agoraphobic woman and her therapist are brought in. He had just coaxed her out of the house when a chimney fell on her. Benton has to resolve issues with his son. A vehicle accident brings in a woman in labor. Unfortunately, in his haste to get his wife to the hospital, the husband caused the accident which killed the driver of the other car (an Army soldier on his way back to his unit). NASA invites Mark to be a payload specialist astronaut. Mark starts having suspicions about Amanda when he finds a paper that she claims to have written with a man's picture on the cover. Blood test results show that the pregnant womans husband was intoxicated at the time of the accident. Amanda decides to demonstrate the level of her craziness, locking Mark and the agoraphobic woman in the MRI room. Mark finally uncovers the truth about Amanda's past. The agoraphobic woman appears to be cured after surviving the day in 'this hell hole'. Corday decides against the opinons of Benton and Anspaugh, who ultimately comes through for her. Jeanie accepts a proposition from Officer Reggie Moore. Kerry gets a call from, hopefully, her birth mother that she is has been searching for.
