Carter mentors a student. Lucy shows impressive skills during her psychiatric rotation and Greene and Corday dance a tango. [weebly_one]In the first few moments, Mobalage returns to let Mark know that he was granted amnesty and was planning to get his civil engineering license; Lynette confronts Carol about making decisions that affect the Free Clinic; Lucy is still on her psych rotation; Carter is informed that he will be babysitting a high school student who is on an independent work study project; and Corday apologizes to Benton for her behavior regarding the ER trauma fellowship. Corday later learns that Benton co-authored a paper that could elevate his chances get the fellowship. Carol sees Coco and her baby. She is impressed at the diligence Coco is showing to prove that she can take care of herself and her child. Carol is kicked by a young boy who has been brought in by his foster mother. When Lucy sees the two, she suspects the boy is being overmedicated, which could be causing the aggressive behavior and clumsiness. Carol strains herself, subsequently reporting that she is spotting and cramping. Carter treats an infant and suspects lead poisoning. Romano is not happy that Benton is not serious about the cardio-thoracic fellowship. Coco brings the baby back in asking Carol to teach her how to bathe the infant. Mark and Corday are trying to get to the Trauma Physicians Conference where she is to give a presentation. Jeanie treats a man who turns out to be the Benton family minister. After treatment, he offers a healing prayer to both Benton and Jeanie. Carter talks to the HS student about leaving the ER to talk to his friends. It turns out that he was asking his friends to go get a neighbor and her child who might also be a victim of lead poisoning. Turns out that Lucy has done very well with the boy, and is given permission to follow-up on his treatment. After arriving very late to the conference, Corday and Mark get locked in the basement of the hotel where the conference was being held. Jeanie experiences a miracle and was so touched by the minister she treated that she seeks him out. Carol finds out that she is still pregnant, despite the recent mishaps. Liz Corday and Mark crash a wedding where Mark teaches her the tango.
