Mark is found at the scene of the accident involving an overturned school bus. There are several children who have been trapped in the bus for at least 30 minutes during a winter storm. Carol approaches Anspaugh about keeping the Free Clinic open. The deal is that she quits running the Clinic, leaving Lynette in charge. Doug is still involved in his own accident, with an unconscious Jeanie. Gossip about Carter and Lucy is running rampant throughout the ER. Children begin arriving at the ER with traumatic injuries. At the scene of the bus accident, emergency responders and Mark continue to free and treat trapped children. Back at the ER, Mark brings in the last trapped child. Most of the parents have now arrived, panicked about the status of their children. In the midst of the crisis, Mobalage's wife tries to talk to Mark about her husband. Doug tries to get involved in treating patients but Kerry tells him in no uncertain terms that he is not working at the ER. Doug tells Carol that he is going to take full responsibility for what happened, that he never like Weaver or Romano, that he wants to quit and move to the Northwest to take a job in Oregon, and that he wants Carol to come with him. Mark asks Carol to talk to Mobalage's wife about his surgery, which will also correct his erectile disfunction. During their conversation, she tells Carol that Mobalage was tortured and that she was also tortured and gang raped, but never told her husband. Carol and Mark discuss finding a therapist specializing in PTSD for torture victims. Kerry informs Jeanie that she may have Hep C. Ricky's father finds Doug, accusing him of stealing his son from him. Mobalage's wife is brought in with stab wounds in the chest. The paramedics report that Mobalage went crazy, jumping out a window when emergency responders showed up. Carter and Lucy discuss their relationship, both agreeing that they drive each other crazy. Mobalage turns up in the ER in anguish, presumably due to his PTSD issues and what he had done to his wife. Doug tells Carol that he resigned and that he is not being charged for his actions involving Ricky's death. Although Carol pleads with him to stay, Doug tells her he had to go. (George Clooney bids farewell to ER after 106 episodes; he has an uncredited appearance in May 1999 and May 2000, and then a credited appearance in 2009 as the series was wrapping).
