Penny wants to help her brother get a job with her company. Sheldon learns of a machine that will help him understand human emotions. Raj reunites some of his old girlfriends to figure out why he is still single.
Sheldon is accused by his friends of being insensitive once again, this and most other times so accused because he doesn't read emotional cues in others. As Bernadette has heard that scientists at MIT are developing a machine that can accurately read the emotions of happiness, sadness, anger and excitement in people, Howard manages to get a prototype of the machine through his MIT contacts for Sheldon. Sheldon learns the machine does what it is intended to do, leading to him having mixed emotions about what it does for his life. The machine is the cause of an argument between Leonard and Penny over Leonard's decision on what to do with their spare bedroom, and Penny telling Leonard that Randall will be staying with them while she tries to get him a job with the pharmaceutical company. Meanwhile, Raj confides in his friends that the woman that he has been dating broke up with him for unspecified reasons. Feeling insecure, Raj decides to hold a focus group of sorts with some of his old girlfriends - deaf Emily, Emily the doctor, Lucy and Claire - to find out what went wrong in their respective relationships, the session against the advice of his friends who believe that all it will accomplish is oversensitive Raj being hurt by the criticisms. Beyond if Raj does get any useful information from the session, he may at least discover how determined he is to having a significant other in his life in the long term.
When the gang tells Sheldon he doesn't know how other people are feeling. so he gets a machine that can determine a person's specific emotion. When Penny tells Leonard her brother, the convicted drug dealer will be staying with them for undetermined amount of time, he says it's OK. But when Sheldon has the machine with him, says that Leonard is not OK with her brother staying with them which causes Leonard and Penny to have a spat. Raj needing to know why his relationships don't work out, decides to invite his exes over to tell him why.
