Howard plans something special to celebrate the anniversary of his first date with Bernadette. Sheldon is conflicted when he makes a major scientific breakthrough but some details have to be corrected.
The anniversary of Howard and Bernadette's first date is approaching, and Howard wants to do something special and romantic for the occasion, namely write a song for her which he wants to perform for her with the help of their friends. This gesture makes Penny come to the realization that with the exception of having sex with him, she does nothing romantic for Leonard ever, while he does romantic things for her all the time. She tries to come up with her first ever romantic gesture to make Leonard feel good. But what she ends up doing doesn't quite have the effect she wants, while romance has been sitting in her closet all along. Meanwhile, Sheldon has been zoned out of all his friends' goings-on while he works on something. That something ends up being a breakthrough, namely the discovery of how to synthesize a new, stable super heavy element. This discovery takes the scientific world by storm. After receiving all this well deserved attention, Sheldon discovers that the attention is not well deserved as he made an error in his calculation based on misreading a table, meaning that he accidentally stumbled across his discovery rather than came by it from a purely scientific standpoint. Sheldon has to decide if his error will make him feel bad about what he nonetheless accomplished.
Howard wants the gang to play together the song he is writing Bernadette to celebrate the anniversary of their first date, inspiring Penny to show Leonard romance. Sheldon is too busy creating a formula to synthesize a new super-heavy element. When a Chinese lab uses his formula and finds an element, Sheldon basks in fame, grabs cookie from pal's lunch plate, and goes over memorabilia to donate to the Smithsonian. In a book of tables, he misread kilometers for meters, so his formula is out by a factor of 1000. Despite embarrassment, he complains but cannot take back what the internet has taken, preferring a sex tape because he does not know what a sex tape is. He sees Amy's disappointment as "romantic" and puts her on his exclusive tree house club member list. Bernadette's work calls the restaurant where the gang await with their musical instruments. She is in quarantine at the hospital after carrying ten too many vials of raccoon virus in one trip, so Howard takes his electronic keyboard there and sings while the others chorus "He would still live with his mom" and "We don't know what we'd be without you, Bernadette". After unsuccessfully consulting Raj, Penny makes Leonard a romantic dinner, finally including the flavor packet for instant noodles, strews the way to the bedroom with rose petals. He already has her gift, a first edition of his favorite childhood book, Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, but is impressed at all the trivia she has saved: the 11-page thank-you letter after their first sex, a rose from her windshield, a pregnancy test - just the first one.
