Sheldon and Amy host a brunch. Penny is surprised by her popularity when her movie, "Serial Ape-Ist" is featured at a Van Nuys comic book convention. Howard starts to freak out about parenthood after feeling the baby kick for the first time.
Penny has been asked to appear at the Van Nuys Comic-Con for starring in the Serial Ape-ist movies. Leonard is able to convince her to make the appearance despite her hesitation, which is largely due to the small and insignificant nature of the event in the global scheme of Comic-Cons. Penny isn't sure if the admiration she receives at the event is the type of admiration she really wants, while her sidekick Leonard seems to be enjoying the event more than her as he seems to have his own surprised admirers. Meanwhile, Howard feeling the baby kick - it happening while Bernadette is deep in sleep - is the first tangible proof for him that there truly is a baby inside her and that they will soon be parents. Howard, with Raj but not Bernadette by his side, goes overboard in being the prepared parent, much to Bernadette's chagrin, she who doesn't want to be that typical first time parent, but still wants to be involved in decisions for their baby. And now that she and Sheldon are living together, Amy wants to have a party of some sort at the apartment like many couples do. Reluctant Sheldon surprises her by organizing a brunch, he having invited the diverse group of Stuart, Bert from the Cal-Tech Geology lab, and Mrs. Petrescu, a Romanian immigrant who lives downstairs and who is just learning English. Sheldon chose this group as test subjects before they hold what he considers their first true social gathering for their real friends. A little truth emerging during the brunch may change the tone of gathering.
Penny tells Leonard that she invited to comic-con at Van Nuys which Leonard says is obscure. But he tells her she has to go and he makes all sorts of preparations for it. And while they are there, all of her admirers only admire her for one thing only. When Howard feels the baby kick, he and Raj go out and buy some things without consulting Bernadette. And when she sees what they got, she's not sure if they should keep them. Sheldon decide to throw a party and he invites Kevin from Geology Department, Stuart and their downstairs neighbor. And the party turns into something not festive.
