Leonard and Howard's attempt to keep Sheldon away from their Air Force project by sending him on a train trip backfires. Penny and Amy take Bernadette for her first night out since having the baby.
The work on the guidance system is going smoothly enough, with the exception of Sheldon making one unnecessary suggestion after another just to satisfy his own sense of making it perfect. The latest such suggestion is solely a half thought-out theory of how to make the unit smaller, the current model toward which they working being within the approved specs. Leonard decides the work at this point would go much easier without Sheldon, and thus he implements a long thought out plan, one which he has been saving for a crisis moment, which he believes this is. The plan?: give Sheldon a gift of the ultimate locomotive vacation, one where he actually gets to operate a train. Sheldon ends up being enthralled with the gift. However, things take a turn when Colonel Williams asks Leonard and Howard to create a product that is the size Sheldon has devised. Leonard's plan has worked a little too well in that Sheldon refuses to forgo his trip to come back to work. If Leonard can devise a plan to keep Sheldon away for days, can he come up with one to make Sheldon come back? Meanwhile, Bernadette is feeling overwhelmed at home now that Howard has gone back to work. Her friends decide to give her a gift of a girls' night out on the town like they used to do while Raj and Stuart sit with Halley. Raj and Stuart taking care of the baby may end up being even more work for Bernadette in the long run. And the girls' night out leads to an emotional discussion between the three about the state of their relationships with their respective significant others.
When Leonard and Howard are close to finishing the guidance system, Sheldon devises a way to make it smaller. But Leonard says they're almost done but Sheldon keeps nagging them. So Leonard pulls out something he's been holding onto to pacify Sheldon; a train vacation which includes him operating a train. He takes it. But when Colonel Williams sees the proposal Sheldon made , he tells them to do it. They need Sheldon so they go to see him but he's so excited about his trip that he tells him he's going to spend his time preparing for it. So they need to find a way to get him to come back. Penny and Amy take Bernadette on a girls night out and leaves Raj and Stuart to take care of Hailley. But they get worried and call her. The girls end up having a discussion about the status of their lives.
