Leonard, Sheldon and Howard give lectures on science to junior high students. The girls ditch work to go to Disneyland. Raj devises a date for Lucy that fixes their social anxiety problems.
The university requires that the guys promote science careers for women. Sheldon feels that they would be too late talking to college students and that they first try it at the middle school level. Howard proposes that they go to his old middle school since he is an astronaut and their favorite alumni. Raj visits with the girls seeking advice for his first date with Lucy. Bernadette suggests Disneyland which is too crowded for the timid Lucy. The girls get all excited about going to Disneyland themselves rather than helping Raj. They call in sick, head to Disneyland and get made up as Disney princesses. Penny wanted to get drunk, ride the rides and throw up. Bernadette is Cinderella, Penny is Sleeping Beauty, and Amy is Snow White. At the middle school, Sheldon talks about Madame Curie who's radium research killed her, Howard doesn't excite them since he didn't fly the spacecraft, and Leonard obsesses over his parents as the scientists who didn't let him follow his dream of being a rapper. Sheldon contacts Amy and Bernadette to talk to them over the phone since they are women scientists. Lucy and Raj have a texting date at the library since he can't talk to her. They enjoy themselves though Lucy flees when she tries to kiss Raj. Back at their respective apartments, Bernadette gets Howard turned on while all dressed up, a nonchalant Penny finds Leonard tearing all his clothes off and Sheldon declines to kiss the sleeping Snow White.
As part of their professional obligation to the university, Leonard, and reluctant Sheldon and Howard sit on the university's committee whose mandate is to make the sciences more attractive to females. While Leonard focuses his ideas on the university itself, Sheldon comes up with the direction on which the three of them should and will take: to develop an outreach program to middle school girls. Howard volunteers his middle school as their test site. The largest hurdle for them may be how to connect to twelve year old girls. Meanwhile, Raj asks Penny, Amy and Bernadette for advice on what to do for his first date with social anxiety ridden Lucy. Raj ends up coming up with what he considers a novel and appropriate idea which is out of the ordinary for most dates. And out of their talk with Raj, the three women decide to ditch work for a day and go to Disneyland.
