Howard makes a decision whether or not to move out of his mother's house, while Sheldon is caught in the middle of an argument between Amy and Wil Wheaton.
Sheldon decides to tape a special "Fun With Flags" episode about Star Trek flags, and invites his friend, Wil Wheaton to be a guest star. During the taping Amy, who is in directing the show, keeps correcting Wil's acting. Both Amy and Wil take a dislike to each other and Sheldon is caught in the middle between friend and girlfriend. Amy tells Sheldon that he should stick up for his girlfriend and she leaves. Naive Sheldon takes her departure as her solution to the problem. Later Leonard suggests that Amy was mad at him and that he should call her. Sheldon calls Amy in jest; however, she confirms that she is mad. Sheldon is amazed that Amy was mad and that Leonard was right. First Sheldon tries to gives her a Star Trek DVD set so she can become more familiar with Wil. Then after some advice from Penny and a few Long Island ice teas, he goes over to Wil Wheaton's house and demands an apology or Sheldon will be beat him up. Wil does apologize. His final solution is to do the episode with LeVar Burton who Amy also keeps correcting. Bernadette tells Howard that she is tired of sleeping at his mother's house and asks when will he be fully moving into their apartment. Howard sets a date. After moving his things in, he tells Bernadette how sad his mother was after his father left and he would cheer him up with his magic tricks. Bernadette then makes them go back to spend the night since she won't have her husband break his mother's heart.
Ever since Howard has returned from space, most of his belongings are still at his mother's house and half the time he and Bernadette sleep there. Bernadette thinks it's time Howard cut the apron strings and officially move out of his mother's house and move into her apartment. Howard doesn't even seem to think he lives at his mother's house, but states that he will move regardless, which no one, including Bernadette, believes until she and they see it. But will anything make either Howard or Bernadette change their minds about their confused living arrangement? Meanwhile, Sheldon, on his latest webcast of "Fun with Flags", has as his guest Wil Wheaton. Director and cinematographer Amy directs Wil into a state of anger, which results in him insulting Amy. Sheldon sides with Wil. With a little advice from Penny and some ice tea from Long Island, Sheldon has to figure out how to make it up to Amy using his own alcohol induced sensibilities.
