Leonard, Sheldon, Raj and Kripke battle for tenure at the university.
The death of Professor Tupperman at Cal Tech opens up a tenured position. Leonard, Sheldon, Raj and Kripke each have different reasons for wanting the tenure opening. They believe the best way to secure this goal is to schmooze those on the tenure committee, which includes Director of Employee Relations, Janine Davis, who Sheldon in particular had a previous bad experience. But the most effective schmoozing may be done at Professor Tupperman's memorial, where the entire committee will be in attendance. While significant others in their lives support their respective man in whatever way they can, Howard does whatever he can to ensure a cat-fight between his friends.
The death of Professor Tupperman opens up a tenured position at Caltech that Leonard, Sheldon, Raj, and Barry Kripke all qualify for. At first, the gang decides not to contact the tenure committee to improve their chances. Mrs. Davis of Human Resources, the woman who dealt with Sheldon after Alex's sexual harassment complaint, is on the tenure committee and both Leonard and Barry ambush her in the university gymnasium exercise room. Leonard's attempt to work out and talk to her at the same time causes him to have an asthma attack. Sheldon gives out stereotypical DVDs; Mrs. Davis received the miniseries Roots and Dr. Woo received the collected works of Jackie Chan. At first the guys all agree not to go to Professor Tupperman's memorial service. Later Penny tells Leonard that she helped Amy pick out a dress for it. Amy coaches Sheldon in what not to say and Penny shows up wearing a tight black dress to flirt with the committee members. They begin to argue, but ultimately decide to work together to prevent Barry from getting the job after he is promising to baby sit for Mrs. Davis. Later, Sheldon apologizes to Mrs. Davis that his gift to her was inappropriate and thanks her after he finds out that he, Leonard, and Raj are all on the final short list for the tenured position. She replies that they are all qualified in their fields despite their quirks which Sheldon doesn't understand. Sheldon tries to give her a hip handshake that also bothers her.
