Howard becomes upset when Sheldon finds a letter from his estranged father whilst cleaning out his and Bernadette's closet.
Howard's idea of cleaning up in preparation for a dinner party at their place is to throw everything into the closet, which irks Bernadette. Howard suggests that if Bernadette truly wants their closet to be organized, that they show it to Sheldon, who will more than gladly volunteer to organize it, which he does. But Sheldon finds something in the closet that Howard has kept unopened for years: a letter from his father, who abandoned him and his mother when Howard was a child. The letter arrived on his eighteenth birthday. At the time, Howard had no interest in reading the letter's contents, but now doesn't know what to feel about it. Regardless of what Howard decides to do about the letter, he and others may find out its contents if only because Sheldon read the letter in deciding how to file it. A scientific experiment may reveal or not reveal the letter's contents to Howard. Meanwhile, Leonard, seeing how grown up and mature Howard and Bernadette have become by hosting a formal dinner party, wants him and Penny to do the same, but only better.
Bernadette prepares a dinner for the gang and makes Sheldon's Thai food from scratch for him however Sheldon brings his own Thai take-out food. She is not happy and tells Howard to show him their messy closet which Sheldon will automatically clean out and previously she wouldn't have asked him. Inside Sheldon finds an unopened letter sent by Howard's missing father dated on his eighteen birthday. Howard doesn't want to know what is in it and burns it, however everybody gets Sheldon to tell them since he had read it. At a formal dinner party given by Leonard and Penny, Howard is upset that everyone else knows and he leaves. The gang meets him at his apartment and each of them tell him a possible explanation and a positive story of the contents of the letter so that he knows and doesn't know what is in it which eases Howard's broken heart.
