The guys' annual trip to Comic Con is in doubt when Raj can't afford to go.
Sheldon, Leonard and Howard are looking over Raj's finances now that he has made the decision not to live off of his father. Despite Raj holding a good and steady job, his finances are not good. Raj and Sheldon enter into an agreement that Sheldon will be Raj's financial manager, Raj, who needs the discipline, not being able to spend on anything without Sheldon's okay. It isn't until they enter into the agreement that Sheldon reminds Raj that Comic-Con tickets go on sale at the end of the week, Sheldon who will not allow Raj to go, which will be the first Comic-Con Raj will not be going to with the rest of his friends. Sheldon relents and lets Raj go, only if he can raise the money, which is not that easy a task for someone who has never done anything specifically for money. Meanwhile, Penny is going to Comic-Con this year in an effort for her and Leonard to do things together that Leonard likes. In reality, Leonard doesn't want Penny to go, he doing anything he can on the sly to dissuade her. What he doesn't know is that Penny doesn't want to go, she holding steadfast to going if only to please Leonard. And Howard has to negotiate with Bernadette on going now that they are parents. The negotiation doesn't go quite the way Howard anticipates, he needing to keep to his casual words if he has any hope of going.
Now that Raj is no longer being supported by his father, he has Sheldon look at his financial situation, and comes to the conclusion he needs to tighten his belt. Raj is not sure he can do it. They suggest that he get someone to keep an eye on him and the best person is Sheldon. And he puts his foot down. But when he remembers the time for buying tickets to Comic-Con is approaching Sheldon tells him he can't afford it. So he scrambles to raise the money by selling his things and taking a job at the comic book store. Penny agrees to go with Leonard to Comic-Con but is not looking forward to it and Leonard doesn't to go with her but neither of them is willing to say it. Howard is told that Bernadette won't let him go because they have a baby. So he offers to do all the chores to make up for his absence and Bernadette holds him to it.
