Leonard, Sheldon, and Howard run into problems when they file for a patent for their infinite persistence gyroscope. Meanwhile, the girls give Raj dating advice when Emily reaches out to him after their breakup.
Alpha Emily continues to stalk, hunt and control Rajesh, over the objections of the new blonde barista. Meanwhile, Sheldon, Leonard and Howard REALLY need legal counsel to remind them Howard, on loan to NASA by the university, may not be an employee of the university and/or subject of their extortion of their theory for patent.
On visiting the university's patent lawyer to discuss Howard's idea of using Leonard and Sheldon's super fluid helium model to build a gyroscope, the three learn that not only would the university own seventy-five percent of the patent as Leonard and Sheldon's work is being conducted while they work for the university, but that Howard cannot even be named on the patent since he is a federal employee and no longer a university employee, and despite he being the one who came up with the idea. They figure that twenty-five percent is still better than nothing, with Sheldon coming up with the idea that they can have a contract stipulating that any profits from the work, including their twenty-five percent of the patent, will be split three ways. However, Bernadette makes Howard think twice about entering into a legal agreement with Sheldon drawn up by Sheldon, when Howard has a difficult enough time being friends with Sheldon without a contract. Will this kibosh the work and their friendship? Meanwhile, Emily has left a gift for Raj, something she bought for him before they broke up that she was going to give him for Valentine's Day and decided to anyway. She states it is a "no hard feelings, let's be friends" gift. Raj asks Penny, Amy and Bernadette's advice on what to do, they all well knowing that weak Raj will get back together with Emily regardless of what they say. But a game changer could be a telephone call Raj receives from Claire...
