Penny tries to throw a wrench into Leonard's plan to be a sperm donor for her ex-boyfriend; Wolowitz, Bernadette, Anu and Koothrappali turn Koothrappali's canceled bachelor party into a couple's trip aboard the "vomit comet."
Penny tries to seduce an abstaining Leonard to ruin his "donation" for her ex-boyfriend, Zack (Brian Thomas Smith), and his wife, Marissa (Lindsey Kraft). Also, Wolowitz, Bernadette, Anu (Rati Gupta) and Koothrappali turn Koothrappali's canceled bachelor party into a couple's trip aboard the Vomit Comet.
Zack and Marissa have set the date of this upcoming Monday - five days away - for Leonard to make his sperm donation, these five days which they have requested he have no sex for optimum results. This time coincides with Wyatt coming for a weekend visit. Babies seems to be the topic of choice between the three, Wyatt who is upset that Penny doesn't want to have children, while Penny does whatever she can both to avoid her father in not wanting to talk about the subject, and seemingly doing whatever she can, short of directly saying that she doesn't want him to do it, to place a kibosh on Leonard's sperm donation. Meanwhile, Raj can't help think that this weekend would have been his and Anu's wedding if they had gone through with it. Associated, Howard had planned a special bachelor party for the guys: to do the Vomit Comet, an experience of weightlessness like in space. As he still has the time booked, Howard and Raj decide they should still do it. However, Leonard can't go because of Wyatt, and Sheldon has no interest, leading to Raj suggesting it be a double date with their significant others. While adrenaline-junkie Anu is up for it, Howard knows that Bernadette would hate the experience so thinks about asking either Bert or Stuart instead. When Bernadette finds out, she becomes upset that Howard didn't ask her. So Howard does invite Bernadette despite knowing she won't like it. How far will Bernadette go to prove Howard wrong even though he's probably right?
