Desmond has another vision of Charlie's death, but this time his death ultimately will result in Claire's rescue. Meanwhile, the survivors discover that an attack by the others is even more imminent than originally expected.
The beach camp is preparing to receive the Others under Jack's leadership. Jack makes contact with Danielle Rousseau to help them fend off a planned assault by the Others. Sawyer, Jin, and Bernard agree to stay behind to ambush the Others with dynamite explosives when the Others arrives that night. However, to make contact with Naomi's freighter, Jack decides to take the rest of the survivors the radio tower far inland in order to send a message to Naomi's boat. Desmond have another flash about Charlie's death. His death is the master key of the plan for their rescue call. Charlie also recalls his five most important events in his life by writing them down as his own 'Greatest Hits'.
Jack brings the survivors to the woods, calls the jungle woman Danielle and explodes a tree. He discloses that Juliet will mark three tents, as agreed with Ben, to lure The Others, but inside there will be dynamite instead of pregnant women, ready to blow The Others to hell, in which Sawyer, Jin and Bernard volunteer to stay behind to detonate the explosives. At the Others camp, Ben anticipates the raid to the survivors' camp and Alex asks Carl to set out to warn them. Juliet tells the castaways there is a submersible station called Looking Glass, a former Dharma research station offshore, that jams any radio signal from the island. Desmond has a premonition where Charlie flips a button in the Looking Glass and drowns, and then a helicopter arrives and rescues Claire and her baby Aaron. Charlie decides to sacrifice his life to save Claire and her son by traveling to the Looking Glass. Charlie recalls his best moments of his life by writing it on in a piece of paper: when he swam for the first time; when his band Driveshaft played on the radio for the first time; when his older brother gave the family ring for him in Christmas; when he saved a young woman from a thief in an alley and she called him hero; and when he first met Claire in the island.
