A power play ensues between Jack and Ben as Juliet's future lies in the balance. Kate and Sawyer deal with the consequences of their escape.
Sawyer, Kate, and Karl reach their Island at night, and a reluctant Kate wishes to return for Jack. Meanwhile, Jack is interrogated by "Others" constable, Isabel about the incident with Juliet. When she mentions the meaning of his tattoo, he recalls his vacation in the paradisaical island of Phuket, in Thailand, where he dated the sexy, mystic, and mysterious local Achara. Ben has an infection in his spinal column, and Jack negotiates the freedom of Juliet, who was going to be sentenced to death for Pickett's murder. Later Jack recalls what happened to him when he forced Achara to disclose her innermost secret.
Jack recalls his vacation in Thailand where the secret of his tattoo is revealed. He falls in love with a mysterious Thai woman named Achara. His curiosity leads him to find the answers he is looking for but not without crossing the line with her brother, Chet. Meanwhile, Kate, Sawyer and Carl reach their main island where Carl has a mental breakdown about leaving behind his love, Alex.
Jack remembers his vacation on the beautiful beaches of Phuket, Thailand. His search for himself quickly turns dangerous when he falls in love with a mysterious, sexy woman named Achara. He forces her to reveal her secrets, to which we learn a secret about Jack. Achara's strong, sexy brother named Chet, takes his posse and makes it clear to Jack who rules this island. In the present, Jack vouches for Juliet who's put on trial for killing one of her own people. Meanwhile, Kate, Sawyer, and Carl make it back to their main island where Carl reveals his inter-most troubles to Sawyer.
Jack remembers his vacation in Thailand where he meets a sexy, mysterious stranger named Achara. He goes to lose himself in the foreign paradise but instead finds himself in yet another web of mystery, secrets and lies. Jack's quest for answers suffers him betrayals and consequences at the hands of Achara's protective, sexy and tough brother, Chet.
