Jack and the survivors wait for Charlie to turn off The Others' signal-jamming device, not knowing that he has been captured at the Looking Glass station. In addition, Sayid, Jin and Bernard are captured after The Others invade the camp.
Charlie and Desmond try to carry out the plan to knock out the transmission-blocking signal in the Looking Glass station. But Charlie gets captured by two women, named Greta and Bonnie, whom are Others manning the underwater Looking Glass station on Ben's orders. Meanwhile, Jack leads the Flight 815 survivors from the beach to the radio tower several miles inland to try and signal Naomi's freighter which is somewhere off the coast. Elsehwere, John Locke recovers from his wound after being shot and left for dead by Ben, to have a vision of Walt tell him a clue about the people coming for them. Back at the beach, Sayid, Bernard, and Jin await the arrival of a team of Others with an explosive trap. Sawyer and Juliet decides to return to the beach camp to help out Sayid, Bernard, and Jin after they are captured, and Hurley tags along to help. In the future, Jack is back in Los Angeles, living though a meaningless existence as a drunkard and revealed to have somehow escaped from the island.
The Others raid the beach and find out Juliet has betrayed them. Ben sets off with Alex to meet the Losties before they reach the radio tower to switch off Danielle Rousseau distress call so they can use Naomi's satellite mobile phone to call for help. Meanwhile at the underwater Looking Glass station, Charlie and Desmond come across one old and two new acquaintances when Charlie is captured by two women, named Bonnie and Greta, two Others manning the station's radio jamming frequency. When Ben learns about this, he sends Mikhail to kill all of them and to destroy the station. Meanwhile, Locke, shot and left for dead by Ben, recovers from his gunshot wound and has a vision of Walt urging him not to let the castaways leave the island.
Charlie is captured inside the underwater station, the Looking Glass, by two of Ben's people, Greta and Bonnie. Desmond, on the surface of the water, tries to figure out a way to rescue Charlie just as Mikhail arrives on Ben's orders to kill everybody and keep the radio jamming signal working. Meanwhile, Jack leads the survivors inland to the radio tower following dramatic events at the beach. Ben tries to keep his people's faith in him, despite events conspiring against him. Elsewhere, Locke, left for dead, has a vision of the ghostly Walt who urges him not to get the survivors make contact with the freighter offshore. In the future, Jack has somehow managed to get off the island, but is in a state of broken mental disorder over something that happened during his rescue...
Ben and Alex meet the castaways as they march inland to the radio tower to turn off Danielle Rousseau distress signal so they can use Naomi's satellite mobile phone to call for help. Ben advises Jack not to contact with Naomi's ship. Since Jack refuses to give him Naomi's phone, Ben asks Tom to kill Sayid, Bernard and Jin. Meanwhile, Charlie and Desmond are in the Looking Glass and must face Mikhail to turn off the signal-jamming device, after he shoots Greta and Bonnie.
