When Claire's baby falls ill, she becomes determined to find out what happened to her to regain her memory during her captivity with the Others, triggering flashbacks to her experience among the Others, and her ordeals concerning her baby. Also, Mr. Eko learns about Henry Gale and asks Jack and Locke to give him a meeting with their captive.
A desperate Claire, along with Kate and the French woman, Danielle Rousseau, trek into the jungle to attempt a return to the scene of Claire's kidnapping where she believes she might find the cure for Baby Aaron's mysterious illness. Claire begins to recall her captivity with the "Others" of being drugged and living in a mysterious underground bunker complex where Ethan Rom, the "Others" leader Mr. Friendly, are there as well as meeting a mysterious teenage girl who helped her escape. Meanwhile, Jack and Locke must keep their prisoner a secret from the rest of the survivors. But Mr Ako finds out about Henry Gale, and has a private talk with the captive concerning his recent actions with the Others.
Claire, has asked for the help of Kate and Rousseau, to attempt a return to the scene of her kidnapping, a place where she believes she may find a cure for Aaron's illness. Meanwhile, Jack and Locke keep their prisoner a secret from the rest of the survivors. But Mr. Eko soon finds out and asks to have a private talk with their prisoner Henry Gale.
When Claire's baby is feverish and with allergy, the French woman Danielle Rousseau comes to the camp and tells her that the baby may be infected with a mysterious virus. Claire partially recalls her period living among The Others of her being drugged and dealing with the charming Ethan Rom, the "Others" leader Mr. Friendly, and of a mysterious teenage girl who helped her escape, and who may have been Rousseau's long-lost daughter. Claire asks Kate to go with her to the woods to look for Rousseau. While in the forest, Claire recovers her memory and the experience she was submitted, and she tries to find a vaccine for the baby's condition. Meanwhile, Mr. Eko finds that Jack and John are keeping the mysterious Henry Gale as prisoner in the bunker and asks to have a talk with him.
