In Los Angeles, Kate tries to find out who is trying to take Aaron away from her. Back on the island, Locke convinces everyone that they have to go to The Orchid.
Kate discovers that someone knows the secret of Aaron's true parental lineage and she tries to stay one step ahead of the sinister lawyers hounding her. Sun (while assisting Kate) plots to kill Ben whom she blames for the death of Jin. Sayid tries to find out who is targeting him and is wary about trusting Jack and Ben, who plans to break Hurley out of jail. Back on the island, the dramatic shifts through time are placing the lives of the remaining island survivors in extreme peril. Charlotte is sick with a mystery illness forcing Locke, Juliet, Miles, Sawyer, and Faraday to hike to the Orchid Dharma Station to try find a way to offset the time hopping pattern. Elsewhere, Jin is revealed to have survived the freighter explosion, and washes up on the island where he is found... by a young Danielle Rousseau in 1988 who struggles to survive with her shipwrecked companions.
Kate leaves Aaron with Sun and visits the law firm, offering to the lawyer that she could give the requested blood samples provided she meets first the person who is behind the lawsuit. The lawyer does not accept her request and she follows him. Ben releases Hurley from the prison and they stay with Sayid while Jake meets Kate. Together they discover who has triggered the lawsuit. In the island, Locke, Sawyer, Juliet, Daniel, Charlotte and Miles are sliding in time, and Locke suggests them to travel to the Orchid Station to see whether they can fix what Ben did. The castaway Jin survives the explosion of the supply vessel and is found by a French group of survivors that have survived to a shipwreck and among them is a young Danielle Rousseau.
Kate tries to find out who wants to take Aaron away from her. On the island, Sawyer, Locke, Juliet, Dan, Miles, and Charlotte go to the Orchid, where Locke believes he can save them all. Sayid gets ambushed after Jack takes him to a hospital.
