Hurley begins to think the island is affecting him in a very strange way, so Libby attempts to offer him support. Hurley also recalls his past in a mental hospital with his friend Dave. Meanwhile, the prisoner calling himself Henry Gale offers new information about the Hatch, which severely shakes Locke's sense of purpose.
Hurley celebrates victory over his gluttony as he and Libby destroy all that remains of his "stash" of food he saved from the hatch. Sayid and Anna Lucia continue to interrogate "Henry Gale," attempting to learn his true identity. Hurley begins to have hallucinations, seeing a bald man in a bathrobe and slippers walking throughout the jungle. Through a series of flashbacks, we learn this man's name is Dave and he was with Hurley in the mental institution. Hurley begins to relapse into his old ways as Dave leads him back to darker days...
Hurley tells Libby that he has hidden food in the woods stolen from the hatch, and he decides to destroy it to punish himself and prove control of the situation. Later, he sees his former friend Dave, from the mental institution where he was interned after a fatal accident, in the island. Meanwhile, Libby tries to help the depressed Hurley to react against his hallucinations. In the end, Henry Gale discloses to the skeptical John Locke what happened with the computer.
In this episode Hurley is the main focus of the flashbacks. We find out that he is very insecure of his weight because years earlier he stepped on to a deck that collapsed with 23 people on it, killing two... one of them being his father. After this incident he suffered a mental breakdown and becomes catatonic and his mother checked him into a psyche ward. On the island, Hurley is suffering for his "sickness" which is his over indulgence in food. He has set up a stash of food in a hidden location. With the help of Libby he destroys the stash, only to be deterred by the new supplies that have landed on the beach from a transport plane. He then begins to start seeing this man that is in a bath robe that Hurley recognizes. In the flashbacks to the psyche ward, we find out that Hurley had this friend Dave that was incarcerated with him. This turns out to be the same guy that Hurley is seeing on the island. Through a doctor patient conversation Hurley is told that he is imagining his friend Dave, and that Dave is the self-destructive part of his mind, always telling him to eat and never lose weight. On the island, Hurley asks Sawyer for some medicine that will help him control his hallucinations. But naturally, the mean-spirited Sawyer refuses and makes fun of him prompting Hurley to beat Sawyer up. Hurley packs camp up and moves to the caves. On his way out he meets Dave again and Dave tells him that everything he is seeing is in his head. He tells Hurley that he is in a self induced coma still in the psyche ward. Dave then says that he has to jump off a cliff to wake up. Hurley stands on the cliff contemplating suicide so that he can wake up, when Libby comes out and tells him that he is sane and that everything has happened. This leads to Libby and Hurley kissing and everything is fine. Then in a flashback we see Hurley acting all happy in the psyche ward, while Libby is across the room a mental patient herself mumbling words to herself. This is where Hurley has seen her before.
When Hurley begins to believe the island is having strange effects on him he turns to Libby for support. Meanwhile, the prisoner, still calling himself Henry Gale, discloses new information about the purpose of the hatch causing Locke to doubt his sense of purpose.
