(Part I of II) The castaways on the raft are surprised at sea by something unexpected. Meanwhile, remaining islanders attempt to blow open the hatch, and a visitor to the encampment might be a threat to Claire's infant son.
The four castaways on the raft are surprised at sea by something unexpected: the appearance of four of the "others" from the island who abduct Walt. Meanwhile, Jack, Kate, Hurley and Locke attempt to blow open the mysterious hatch. The French woman, Rousseau, abducts Claire's infant, forcing Charlie and Sayid to chase after her in the jungle. Also, more background stories of the survivors final hours before boarding their doomed flight which led them to the island are shown.
The survivors hike to the caves leaded by Sayid, while Claire and Charlie stay at the beach cleaning the baby. Danielle Rousseau abducts the baby from Claire, leading to Sayid and Charlie pursuing her. Meanwhile, Jack, Kate and Locke bring the explosives from the hold of the Black Rock; a grounded 18th Century slave ship containing several boxes of old dynamite, and Arzt has a fatal accident with the dynamite while explaining the danger of the nitroglycerin. The mysterious and unseen island entity makes another appearance, nearly killing Locke. Sayid shows the airplane full of heroine to Charlie, leading him to take some of the stash. Charlie and Sayid retrieve baby Aaron from Danielle who explains that she just found out that the "others" do not want Claire's infant... but another child. At sea, the four castaways venture takes an shocking twist when Walt is kidnapped from the raft by "the others"; four scruffy-looking men in a motorboat whom shoot Sawyer, throw overboard Michael and Jin, and blow up the raft with explosives and automatic weapons. Back on the island, there is a discussion between Locke and Jack, where Locke would symbolize faith and Jack, science. Locke blows the hatch, against the will of Hurley, who had just seen the cursed numbers 15, 16, 23, 42 and 4 on one side.
