Forty-eight survivors of an airline flight originating from Australia, bound for the U.S., which crash-lands onto an unknown island 1000 miles off course, struggle to figure out a way to survive while trying to find a way to be rescued.
Following a horrific plane crash, 48 survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles, California, USA, find themselves on an uncharted tropical island in the South Pacific Ocean that is full of secrets, as they come to learn. The first day on the island is full of monsters, countdowns, screams, stories of the past and an unfolding love story between the quick-thinking Jack Shepherd, a doctor, and the level-headed Kate Austen, a mysterious young woman. Jack, Kate and Charlie, a former British rock music player and heroin junkie, venture into the jungle to locate the pilot cockpit to find the transciever and come up against a mysterious and unseen island "beast". Other survivors with mysterious pasts are introduced: The Iraqi with personal demons Sayid; the bumblingly awkward Hurley; the determined John Locke; the unpleasant and unfriendly self-serving swindler and sociopath Sawyer who tests everyone's patience; the very pregnant Australian teenager Claire Littleton; the bickering non-English speaking Korean couple Jin and Sun Kwon; a friendly guy, Michael Dawson who is overprotective of his estranged 10-year-old son Walt; and the egoistical, spoiled, rich girl, Shannon, who quarrels with her estranged older half-brother Boone.
After surviving a plane crash in a remote island, forty-eight survivors try to organize themselves under the leadership of Dr. Jack Shephard. He decides to look for the transceiver in the cockpit of the plane, and travels through a forest with the mysterious Kate and the rock and roll bass player Charlie Pace. Along their journey, they realize that there is a kind of predator, which has just killed the pilot, in the woods threatening the safety of the group.
Forty-eight survivors of an airline flight originating in Australia, bound for the U.S., and crash-landing into an unknown island 1000 miles off course, struggle to figure out a way to survive, while trying to find a way to be rescued. Compounding their inherent problems, the survivors quickly discover that there is something very wrong with their new-found surroundings. Leaders emerge, trouble-makers thicken the plot, and tales of their individual lives prior to the crash start to be revealed.
