After discovering a sailboat just offshore containing former hatch oversee Desmond, Jack and Sayid come up with a plan to confront "The Others" and hopefully get Walt back. Meanwhile, Eko and Locke come to blows as Locke makes a potentially cataclysmic decision regarding the "button" and the hatch.
Jack, Sawyer and Sayid swim to the boat and find a completely wasted Desmond. His traumatic past experience before sailing to the island is disclosed through flashbacks. Sayid plots a plan with Jack to surprise "The Others" in case Michael is double-crossing the group. John Locke convinces Desmond to invade the hatch, which is protected by Mr. Eko, and not press the button of the computer to see what will happen.
After discovering a sailboat offshore with a delirious Desmond aboard, Jack and Sayid come up with a plan to confront "The Others" and hopefully get Walt back. Desmond's background story is revealed: how he came up on the island and how he landed in the hatch. Michael leads Jack, Kate, Hurley and Sawyer into the jungle to be captured by the Others. Meanwhile Sayid, Jin and Sun sail on Desmond's sailboat to help them. Eko and Locke come to blows as Locke makes a potentially cataclysmic decision regarding the "button" and the hatch. He leaves, Eko and Charlie try to stop Locke from not fulfilling his duty to continue to push the computer button.
Desmond returns and we delve into his own mysterious past. We learn how he came to be shipwrecked on the island three years earlier and live inside the Hatch. In addition, the connection he has to another of the survivors: the man who found him and taught him for three years how to operate the computer systems. This man turned out to be Kelvin Inman who was Sayid's handler during the Gulf War. Meanwhile, Michael leads Jack, Kate, Sawyer, and Hurley into the jungle to the Others camp to rescue Walt. Sayid, Sun and Jin sail around the island in Desmond's sailboat to assist them, knowing that Michael will betray them. At the hatch, Locke and Desmond seal off the complex with the intent not to push the button just to see what really happens. Mr. Eko and Charlie try to pry apart the blast doors before something disastrous might happen.
Locke and Desmond try to let the computer run down to zero, with Charlie and Eko struggling to stop them in order to save everyone on the island. Michael leads Jack, Kate, Sawyer, and Hurley to the Others, not knowing that Jack knows he's lying. Sayid, Sun and Jin travel around the island in Desmond's boat to find where the Others are to save Jack, Kate, Sawyer, and Hurley.
While Sun, Jin and Sayid head off to the Others-camp, we follow Locke and Desmond who locked themselves up in the Hatch. Ecko and Charlie are trying to free them because Ecko thinks it's not smart what Locke and Desmond are doing. Desmond's background story is revealed showing his time in a military prison in his native Scotland, his later run-in with Jack, his decision to sail around the world, and how he came in the hatch and the history of the hatch. Meanwhile, Kate, Sawyer, Jack, Michael and Hurley are heading of to the Others but the Others capture them thanks to Michael's betrayal of them in exchange to be reunited with his son. In the hatch, Locke and Desmond find out why and how the plane is crashed. Michael and Walt meet again and the Other's leaders, Mr. Friendly, Henry Gale and other foot soldiers permit them to return to the real world. The Others release Hurley who has to go back to the camp with a message while Kate, Sawyer and Jack remain. The final shots tell us that Desmonds wife is still looking for him and some researchers are too.
