"Game of Thrones" - "The House of Black and White" April 19, 2015More big doings all over the place tonight as we check in with multiple characters.AryaWe start with Arya who finally arrives in Braavos and stares in awe at the behemoth Titan statue guarding the city. Her benefactor drops her off at the House of Black and White, a huge stone structure that has one black door and one white door. She knocks on the black door and a man answers but tells her that no one by the name of Jaqen H'ghar is there and seems unimpressed by the pendant that he gave her. So she sits on the steps with nowhere else to go, reciting her revenge list ("Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant") for a day or two in the rain and shine. She then stands, tosses the pendant into the water and heads to the city. There she kills a pigeon for food and soon after some older boys stop her. She draws her sword and is ready to take on all three until the man from the B/W house appears out of nowhere and scares them away. He takes her back to the B/W house and flips her her pendant which she threw in the canaland says she lost something. Suddenly the man's face changes into the Jaqen Hghar that she knew. She is confused. He says there is no man by that name. She asks who he is and he says no one, which is what she must become, and he invites her in.Brienne and Pod; Sansa and Littlefinger
By coincidence this foursome all decide to stop at the same saloon at the same time for a bite to eat and drink. While Pod is busy ogling the ale girl he sees Sansa and Littlefinger and alerts Brienne. Brienne, of course, throws caution to the wind and goes right up to them explaining her whole deal about being Catelyn Stark's sworn sword and her vow to save Sansa. Littlefinger says her track record isnt very good since both Renly and Catelyn died on her watch and she was accused of killing Renly to boot.She explains about the whole "Stannis shadow monster" thing but that only garners giggles from Littlefinger's group of knights. He says she is a stranger and he is family to Sansa now, her uncle since marrying Lyssa Arryn, and they don't want or need her around. Brienne tries to beseech Sansa but Sansa has nothing but disdain since she saw Brienne kneel before Joffrey. Brienne points out that nobody really wanted to do that but you know, hey, he was king and sheand others there like Sansadidn't have a choice. Sansa says she does now and agrees with Littlefinger that she should bugger off.They clearly mean to detain her, however and Brienne is too smart for that. She busts some skulls and then takes off, slicing up a few others for good measure as she Pod ride off.They are pursued by three of Littlefinger's men. Pod's horse goes rogue and dumps him in the water while Brienne gives the pursuers the slip. When Pod heads back to the road a man comes at him but Brienne saves his life and then handily dispatches with the two others. She tells Pod she saw which way Littlefinger's caravan was going and they will follow. Pod notes that since both Stark girls refused her service maybe she is released from her vows. She asks Pod if she thinks Sansa is safe with Littlefinger. He begrudgingly agrees she is not and they head off to follow the trail.Tyrion and VarysThe dynamic duo are also on the road in a fancy stagecoach which Tyrion is grumpy about. He wants to take a walk. Varys notes that Cersei has offered a lordship for his head. Varys starts in again about their need to find a good ruler. Tyrion says everywhere already has a ruler. Varys compliments the great promise Tyrion himself showed as a ruler when he was the Hand of the King-- in addition to killing people. Tyrion says he was a servant. He notes Shae begged him to leave King's Landing and he wouldnt because he liked it, even as a servant. They discuss how the upper classes, the servants, and lower classes all despise each other. Tyrion reiterates his desire to simply take a walk. Varys notes the bounty again. Tyrion wonders if she's just going to kill all the dwarves that walk the land.We get the answer, a resounding yes, when we smash cut to the head of dwarf being slammed on a table in front of Cersei and Qyburn back in King's Landing. "Not him," she sniffs. Creepy Qyburn asks to keep the head.Cersei, Jaime, and the Small Council
Prior to that mix-up, Cersei and Jaime unwrap a most unpleasant present from Dorne. Hanging in the jaws of a fearsome snake sculpture is a necklace that Cersei gave to Myrcella, who you may remember they sent off to Dorne to marry the Prince's son. They both recognize it as a threat against their daughter. They know the people of Dorne blame Oberyn Martell's death on them. After a whole bunch of sniping at Jaime about how worthless he has been, Jaime swears he will go to Dorne and spirit Myrcella away. She says that would be an act of war. Jaime says he will do it on the QT. She scoffs at the idea that a one-handed man is going to rescue their daughter alone. He notes he never said he was going alone and heads off to enlist Bronn to help him, promising him a better girl to marry and a better castle to live in when he gets back from Dorne. In Dorne, Cersei was right, Oberyn's lady friend Ellaria Sand is hopping mad. She goes to the Prince, Oberyn's brother, who looks like he may be in a wheelchair, and demands justice and says the Sand Snakes are with her. The Prince notes that it was a trial by combat so it doesn't count as murder so he will bury and mourn his brother but he isn't seeking vengeance. She is enraged and sees Mycella Baratheon (but really Lannister) making kissy face with her boyfriend, the future king and says she wants to send her back to Cersei piece by piece. The prince notes that he is not having that and they don't not mutilate little girls for vengeance while he is charge. She wonders aloud how long that will be, which does not escape the notice of the Prince's guard.Back in King's Landing, after dismissing the wrong dwarf head, Cersei convenes a meeting of the small council who are aghast when she--a WOMAN--sits in the seat meant for the Hand of the King. She says she won't be serving as Hand, just helping run the meetings at the behest of her son while he comes of age. (She also notes Jaime is off on a sensitive diplomatic mission.) She quickly gives everyone at the table a promotion-- Lord Tyrell will be master of ships and coin, her creepy ex-Maester buddy Qyburn will be master of whispers, much to the chagrin of Pycelle, and she makes Uncle Kevan master of war. Kevan says he doesn't take orders from the Queen Mother and when King Tommen calls for him to convey his wishes he will be ready, but until then he's going back to Casterley Rock because he's not going to be her puppet. 
The Wall
Stannis's daughter Shireen is very sweetly teaching Gilly to read in the library at Castle Black as Sam sits in another corner and reads. They discuss Shireen's grayscale disfigurement. Two of Gilly's sisters had it and it turned them rabid and she wonders how Shireen was cured. She isn't sure but knows many people tried. Her mother arrives and dismisses Sam and Gilly and tells Shireen to stay away from them because they could try to strike at Stannis by hurting her. Shireen can't picture the two most docile people at the Wall hurting her but her mother doesn't want to hear it. Stannis is mad at Jon Snow for showing mercy to Mance Rayder noting that if you show too much kindness, people won't fear you and then they won't follow you. Jon says it doesn't really matter since the free folk won't follow Stannis anyway after what he did to Mance. Stannis wonders if they'd follow Jon Snow and he says they would only follow one of their own. Stannis share a note from from Bear Island for whom he asked for help and they said there is only one king and his name is Stark. Jon smirks a bit at this and then apologizes and says northerners can be like free folk, difficult to control and only loyal to their own. Stannis notes there will be a vote that night for a new Lord Commander of the Night's Watch and since Alliser Thorne is going to win Jon's life will probably be terrible going forward. Jon agrees but says he swore an oath. Stannis says Jon showed bravery and that made Alliser look weak and he would never punish a man for bravery.And then Stannis offers him something he's always wanted. He says Jon Snow can give him the north. Jon says he can't since he is a bastard, a Snow. Stannis says if he kneels before him and swears his fealty he will rise Jon Stark, lord of Winterfell.Later when he tells Sam, Sam is thrilled for him. Jon says it's the first thing he can remember wanting. But, Jon says he will refuse because it he can't take his own vows to the Night's Watch seriously how could he be noble enough to be a lord?They are in the common area and all of the crows are there, it's time for the vote for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. One man rises and speaks for Alliser. Another speaks for someone named Dennis. And just as the nominations are about to close, Sam bursts out with a nomination for Jon--busting on Lord Janus for hiding during the battle in the process. He eloquently speaks of Jon's accomplishments and says he was the commander they turned too when the night was darkest. Alliser notes that Jon Snow loved a wildling and his allegiances might not be true. The vote is taken. When Maester Aemon is told it is a tie, he breaks the tie in Jon's favor and many of the men cheer and chant Snow! Snow! Snow! He is gobsmacked.DaenarysIn search of the man who killed the member of the Unsullied in the premiere, Daario leads Grey Worm around the bowels of the city. He notes the Unsullied are too conspicuous and don't blend in like Second Sons because they don't drink, whore, or fight. They enter an apartment that appears to be empty but then Daario stabs into the wall and they find the man, calling him Son of Harpy. Dany meets with her council, including Daario, Barristan, Grey Worm, Missandei, a former slave, and a man from the former ruling class. They all argue for different ways of dealing with the man, killing him outright versus a fair trial. She listens to their various passionate arguments and dismisses them.Barristan hangs back and says he wants to talk to her about her dad. He was there when the Mad King truly went mad and set towns and castles aflame and burned men alive with wildfire and laughed as they screamed. Barristan says these methods sowed seeds of revolution that killed every Targaryen except two, Dany and her brother. She says she's not her father. He agrees and thanks the gods. He says the Mad King meted out the justice he thought people deserved and each time it made him feel powerful and right. She agrees that what the Son of Harpy deserves is a fair trial.But the former slave on her council takes matters into his own hands and kills the Son of Harpy and displays his body in public with the masks they use. Dany calls him before her. He says he knew her hands were tied so he did what she could not. Dany knows that she cannot let this stand and orders him to death. She walks the streets of Meereen as former slaves call out "Mhysa" (Mother) to her. The former slave owners stand on the other side, glowering. She addresses the crowd, saying she promised them freedom and justice and notes one cannot exist without the other. She brings the killer down and says he killed a man who was awaiting a fair trial and the punishment is death. He pleads for mercy as do the other former slaves. She gives the nod. Daario does the job, beheading him. The former slaves begin hissing at her. She is taken aback. One throws a rock at the former masters and fighting breaks out. They hustle her away. The Unsullied try to hold the line but the fighting continues. Later that night in her quarters, all of her guys say they will guard her this night. She asks them to leave. She hears a noise and goes to look outside. Her errant dragon has returned! She goes to touch his nose. But before she can he flies off again.
