"Game of Thrones" - "The Climb" - May 5, 2013Samwell and Gilly are deep in the woods huddled around a fire. He shows her an ancient dagger he found during the Fist of the First Men. He says it's just a few more days walk to the wall and it's even bigger than they say, 700 feet high. He notes Castle Black is nice enough with a 24/7 fire and a tasty venison stew and that the brothers sing. Not him, of course. She asks him to sing him a song. He sings a lullaby about The Father's face.Elsewhere, also in a forest, Osha and Meera get snippy with each other about the proper way to skin a rabbit. Bran asks them to stop fighting, saying they have to stay united in order to make it to the wall. He asks them to make peace and grudgingly they do. Meanwhile, JoJen is having some kind of seizure and Meera puts a belt in his mouth. She says the visions take their toll and he's having one now. He awakes and says he saw Jon Snow on the wrong side of the wall surrounded by enemies.Jon Snow continues on with Mance Rayder's men. They are about to attempt to mount the wall. Ygritte and Jon survey the wall. They're both afraid of climbing it but she says she can't wait to see the world from up there. They attach rudimentary crampons to their shoes. She again compliments his fine tongue work and calls him a proper lover and she says his secret is safe with her. He asks what secret. She says she's no dummy and knows that he didn't stop being a Crow the minute he walked in to Mance Rayder's tent. She knows he's loyal and asks that he be loyal to her since she's his woman now. She says they are simply expendable soldiers in their respective armies and it's him and her that matters. She tells him never to betray her. He says he won't. She points out that she'll cut off his man parts if he does. Tormund tells him to sink his pickaxe deep into the wall and to not scream if he falls because Jon Snow wouldn't want that to be the last thing Ygritte remembers. Jon looks despairingly at the wall.Arya takes target practice and Anguy gives her tips. A group on horseback approaches. It is Melisandre and her entourage. She speaks in a foreign tongue (High Valyrian) to BWB general Thoros. She asked why he was unable to get King Robert to follow the Lord of the Light. He says simply that he failed. She counters that he quit. They switch from High Valyrian to English and she asks why they are there.He brings her to see Beric Dondarrion. She appraises his many wounds and asks how often he's been brought back. Thoros says 6. She can't believe it. He says he can't really believe it either since his faith was shaken and he ate and whored his way across the land, all he did is ask for the Lord of Light to bring him back and he does. He didn't really believe but when Dondarrion died the first time he asked for his friend and the Lord brought him back. He said he knew then that their God was the one true God. Melisandre again turns to Beric and asks about the "other side." He says there is no other side, only darkness. He asks why she's been sent. She says they have something the Lord of Light needs.Gendry, Arya and another brother look at arrow tips that pierce armor. Melisandre approaches and two of her men apprehend Gendry. Arya begs them to stop them and that Gendry wants to be one of them. Thoros says the Lord of Light needs him. Arya says they're doing it for gold not a god. Thoros points out that they require gold to continue on. Gendry himself protests that they're not much of a brotherhood. Melisandre tells him Gendry is more than they could ever be. (Of course he doesn't know he's Robert Baratheon's son.) Arya again approaches her and calls her a witch and says she's going to hurt him. Melisandre grabs her face and says she sees a darkness in her as well as sets of eyes -- blue and green-- that Arya will shut forever. She says they will meet again and then carts off Gendry to Arya's heartbreak.The wildlings climb the windswept wall. Jon Snow makes the mistake of looking down. But then he stares at Ygritte's butt for inspiration. A chunk falls on him and knocks him back but he hangs on.The boy (whose name we still don't know) wakes the trussed up Theon, further torturing him by keeping him awake. He begs for water and the boy pours some out in front of him, cruelly. Theon begs for mercy and says he'll tell him everything. The boy says he's heard it all. He tells him he knows that the Stark boys are still alive and that he will find them. He says he knows Theon wonders why he's there, where he is, and why he's doing it this to him. He tells Theon if he can guess he won't cut off his little finger. He asks if he wins if he'll let him go. The boy says there is no good ending. He asks him where he is and Theon takes a few guesses and the boy cuts into the flesh of his pinky finger. He finally guesses right, according to the boy. He then asks who he is. Theon guesses he's a Karstark, younger brother of the one who Jaime killed and son of the Karstark man who was beheaded by Robb. Theon says he was Robb's bannerman, Theon betrayed Robb, and that's why this young Karstark is torturing him. The young man says he wins. However, he says Theon forgot to ask if he was a liar and he flays the skin off Theon's little finger. He says everything he told him is a lie and this isn't happening for a reason -- he's just doing it because he enjoys it. Finally, Theon begs him to cut the finger off and the young man turns to Theon and says "I win".The Freys come to meet with Robb. They say their father said the alliance can continue on several contingencies: an apology for Robb jilting his daughter, Harrenhal when the war is over, and Robb's Uncle Edmure marrying one of his daughters and a wedding in a fortnight. Their father is old and he says a wedding would give him peace and he wants an answer by the morning. Robb says they'll discuss it. His Uncle isn't up for it and wants to choose a pretty wife but Robb says he has no choice, he's won every battle but he's losing the war and they need to do this now. He says he knows he's paying for his sins and it's not fair or right and he won't forget it.Jaime and Brienne meet with Roose Bolton. Jaime struggles to cut his meat until Brienne helps him. Bolton is considering selling Jaime or killing him. He says to Jaime that when he is well enough to travel he will allow him to continue to King's Landing as restitution for the loss of his hand, as long as he swears to tell his father he played no part in Locke maiming him. Jaime wants to drink on it but Roose doesn't drink. Jaime is happy about this until Roose tells him Brienne isn't going with him since she abetted treason. Jaime protests but Roose points out he's in no position to overplay his position againTywin and Olenna talk about his plan to marry Cersei to Loras. She protests Cersei is too old and "the change" will be upon her soon. He points out that he knows that Loras is a degenerate and she admits Loras is a "sword swallower". He says she should be grateful to have her grandson marry Cersei and remove the stain from his name. She calls it a natural thing. He thinks her tolerance for buggery is higher than his. She notes that brothers having sex with sisters would be a higher form of a stain, i.e. Cersei and Jaime. He calls it a malicious lie and he doesn't care what people believe and neither does she. She disagrees. He points out if the rumors are true then Joffrey isn't the king and Margaery marrying him is the Tyrells throwing their "prize flower" in the dirt. She counters if Cersei is too old to give Loras children then they are throwing another prize flower in the dirt. He notes that the uncertainty makes her uncomfortable. Tywin says he'll remove it: If Loras doesn't marry Cersei he will make him part of the King's Guard and he'll never marry and have children, so the Tyrell name will die with him. She can't believe he'd have his grandson protected by someone who disgusts him. He says he would have his grandson protected by a great warrior. He pulls out a quill and asks if she consents to the order adding Loras to the Kingsguard. She reaches out and takes the quill from Tywin's hand, observing that it is a rare thing to encounter a man who lives up to his reputation. She breaks the quill in half.The wildlings are climbing the wall when a crack begins to spread across it, creating a landslide sending several people flying -- including Ygritte and Jon Snow, who are weighing down Tormund and Orell. Orell cuts them loose but Jon Snow gets purchase before Ygritte falls and he pulls her up. They start climbing again.Sansa chats with Loras about their potential marriage. She compliments his brooch. She says she's very happy. Loras says he is too and says he's dreamed of a large wedding since he was young. He calls her very beautiful and talks excitedly about the dress she'll wear. She says she can't wait to see Highgarden and leave this place. He agrees it is terrible.Tyrion and Cersei watch this. Tyrion says there's nothing they can do about it. Cersei notes they could have them both killed. Tyrion wonders who is getting the worst end of the deal, deciding Sansa but that Loras will also know misery. She says they're all being shipped off to hell together. He notes she built the boat. She says she did what she did for the family. Tyrion says he's family too and he helped save them. She admits he was helpful in the war. He says it was weird that she ordered him killed then. She doesn't deny it, but her silent expression seems to confirm to Tyrion that it was in fact Joffrey who ordered his execution. He asks if his life is still in danger. She says probably, not right now with Lord Tywin in the picture. He can't believe 7 kingdoms quiver in fear of Tywin Lannister. She notes the Tyrell's don't fear him and history will be taken from their hands. Tyrion says she'll be fine when Jaime gets back since Loras will probably suffer a case of swords through bowels. Cersei wonders who will tell Sansa.Shae helps Sansa with her dress for the Tyrell wedding. Tyrion enters and asks Shae to leave. She stands her ground. He notes "this is awkward...'Littlefinger sits and gazes at the throne and Varys enters. They do their dance. Varys says thwarting him wasn't always his plan and he didn't take that much pleasure in it but admits "who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then." Littlefinger agrees and says it gave him pleasure when he turned over his "bad investment"-- whom Varys swore to protect-- to a "friend" looking for a fresh experience. He and Varys agree they've been telling themselves stories/lies for years to protect themselves. But Varys says when they abandon the lies there is only a pit of chaos. Littlefinger says chaos is a ladder and that life is all about the climb.As he speaks we cut to Joffrey's chambers. Littlefinger gave his "bad investment" Ros to Joffrey who used his new crossbow for target practice. We then cut to Sansa, Shae by her side, tearfully watching Littlefnger's ship depart, knowing now that she must marry Tyrion. And then we cut to Jon Snow and Ygritte reaching the top of the wall, exhausted. They lie on their backs and Jon sees Orell's eagle fly across the sky as the sun breaks through. They both gaze at the amazing view of where they just came from. He helps her up. And they look at the view of where they are going. They kiss.
