"Game of Thrones" - "The Mountain and the Viper" - June 1, 2014We open in Mole's Town. Two members of the Night's Watch enter a tavern. A whore is belching tunes or the guests to guess. Everyone seems to be having a grand old time. She goes to see Gilly to complain about the baby crying and waking her up. Gilly apologizes. The whore says to keep the baby quiet and says she should've stayed with her own kind the Wildlings. Suddenly Gilly hears a noise. The whore thinks it's an owl. Gilly knows better. The Wildling's have arrived and they proceed to murder everyone in their path, including everyone in the tavern. Ygritte kills the whore. She hears the baby cry and finds Gilly. She puts her fingers to her mouth and shushes her. Blood is pouring through the ceiling.The next morning Sam is tortured that they killed Gilly, he thinks. The others are mad they killed Crows, who were not supposed to be there. There all mad there's nothing they can do. They tell Sam how much Gilly survived and say she might have got out. He grabs on to this hope. Jon figures they must be next and now they know they're not ready for Mance and his army with just 102 men. They all have a much needed drink.We cut to the Unsullied bathing themselves in a river. Grey Worm sees a naked Missandei bathing. She catches him and gives him a full view and then covers herself. She tells Dany who is braiding her hair. Dany points out that none of the Unsulled care what's under their clothes. Missandei thinks he was interested. Dany wonders about his castration, if it is ....complete. Missandei doesn't know. Dany asks if she's ever wondered. Missandei says she has.Missandei goes to the throne room and Grey Worm finds her and apologizes. She says he doesn't need to and she was not frightened. He thanks her for helping him learn the common tongue. (Jorah is also haleping.) She asks if he remembers his name. He says he doesn't. She asks if he remembers being cut. He doesn't. She says she is sorry they did that to him. He wonders why. She says it is terrible. She says if he was never cut he wouldn't be Unsullied and have met Dany or her. She is touched by his confession. He apologizes again and leaves. She calls to him and tells him that she is glad she saw him. He says he is too.We cut to Ramsay who is prepping a cleaned up Theon to once again be himself but still knowing that he is still Reek and always will be. He says Theon looks royal again, but really he doesn't. They stand and see a castle in the distance and Ramsay asks him to bring him the lord from the castle. Theon rides to the structure with a white flag and announces himself. He is let in. He approaches Lord Canning the commander of the castle and asks him to prove himself. He asks him why he is marching with the Lord Bolton army. He says Bolton took him captive at Winterfell and wants Canning-- decimated from war and illness, miles from the sea-- to abandon this fortress they can no longer hold and if they do Bolton will give them safe passage to the stony shore. Theon says his own father bent the knee to Robert Baratheon and there is no shame in it. Canning, who is very ill, spits blood at Theon and says only a whipped dog or a woman would speak this way and the Iron Born will not surrender and to tell Bolton that. Suddenly a man behind Canning clocks him in the head with an axe. The killer asks if the paper says that if they surrender they will be free. Theon says yes. But Ramsay says no, and we cut to the aftermath of the slaughter of the men at the structure. They have been flayed for good measure, the sign of the Boltons. Theon asks to go home. Ramsay says they will, to their new home.We cut to Littlefinger who is being questioned by some kind of committee of Lords from the Vale about Lady Arryn's death and the fact that she died shortly after his arrival and their marriage. They think he is a "grubby" man who has been licking Tywin Lannister's boots and don't think Lysa would've killed herself considering how much she loved Robin. He says she was prone to melancholy and wasn't meant for such a brutal world. They ask about a witness, his niece. They want to talk to her. She is brought out. They ask that her name is Elaine and that he is her uncle. She says yes. They ask her to tell them what she saw. She apologizes to Littlefinger that she has to tell the truth. She tells her real identity. They accuse her of lying. She says Littlefinger has been lying to protect her. She tells of her terrible time in King's Landing, Littlefinger smuggling her out, of staying with Lysa. They say glowing things about Ned Stark and say her secret is safe. They ask what happened to Lysa. She tells the almost truth saying Lysa caught Littlefinger kissing her --on the cheek-- and says Lysa turned on her and tried to throw her through the moon door and then Littlefinger tried to reason with her and Lysa killed herself. Sansa cries. The female member of the committee comforts her. She looks at Littlefinger who gives her the approving eye. They apologize for treating Littlefinger harshly.Littlefinger begins talking political strategy with two of the committee people. They say they don't back Lannister but Robb Stark is dead so who should they back? Littlefinger says they should back Robin. That Lysa babied him and it's time for him to learn to ride a horse and swing a sword and visit the various villages of the Vale and meet his people. It's time for Robin to leave the nest.Lord Barristan gets a note from a young boy with a seal on it. He reads it and is shocked by its contents. Jorah regards a map of Westeros. Barristan arrives with the note. It's a royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. It is Jorah's pardon. Barristan knows Jorah spied on Dany. He asks if he told Dany. Barristan says he told him first. Jorah wants to speak with her in private. Barristan says he will never be alone with her again. Jorah goes to the throne room to speak to Dany flanked by Barristan, Missandei, Grey Worm and some Unsullied. She asks for an explanation. He asks her to think of who benefits from her knowing about that pardon? Tywin Lannister. He wants them to fight each other instead of him. He finally, tearfully, explains that he did spy for Baratheon via Varys. He begs for her forgiveness. She says he betrayed her to the man who killed her father and stole her brother's throne. And as she lays out his other crimes he continues to beg for her forgiveness and list the things he's done to help her and that his loyalty is to her and that he has loved her. She tells him to go back to his masters in King's Landing and collect his pardon if he can. She says he has until dusk to collect his things and leave or else he'll have his head thrown in Slaver's Bay. He tries t reach out to her but she tells him to never presume to touch her or speak her name again. They are both heartbroken and hers has a side of shaking rage. We see him ride his horse away from Mereen.Ramsay goes to Lord Bolton and tells him he got the Canning structure. Bolton walks with him and tells him Bran and Rickon have not been found and most of the Iron Born have fled and now thanks to Ramsay more will follow. They go on a hill and Bolton asks Ramsay what he sees. Ramsay says fields, hills, nothing. Bolton points in three directions and says 700 miles one way, 400 another, and 300 miles in another is the North, which is six times bigger than all of the rest of Westeros kingdoms and he is the Warden of the North. He asks Ramsay what his name is. He says Ramsay Snow. He hands him a piece of paper and says from this day forward he is Ramsay Bolton, son of the Warden of the North. Ramsay goes to his knees and promises to be worthy of this honor.Littlefinger goes to visit Sansa, who is sewing. He asks why she helped him. She says they would've killed him if they found him guilty. He says that's not an answer. She says she figured if they'd kill him what would they do with her? He notes, "Better to gamble on the man you know then the strangers you don't." He asks if she thinks she knows him. She says she knows what he wants. "Do you?" he asks. She looks at him.The Hound and Arya are approaching the bloody gates of the Vale. She is saying she thought hearing of Joffrey's death would make her happy but it doesn't. The Hound notes nothing makes her happy. She says she was happy after killing some of the men on her revenge list. She says she just wishes she could've been there to see Joffrey die and since the Hound guarded him wonders what he thinks of his death. He says poison is a woman's way and that men kill each other with steel. They are stopped at the gates. They announce themselves and the guards offer their condolences that Lady Arryn died three days ago. Arya busts out laughing.Robin is telling Littlefinger he's afraid to leave the nest and his mother told him the world was very dangerous and the Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eeryie. He tells him to not worry about his death but to worry about his life and to take charge of his life for as long as it lasts since that is what it means to be Lord of the Vale. Sansa enters, all dressed up like a grown woman, kinda sexy and asks "shall we go.'Tyrion drinks in his cell and chats with Jaime about the trial by combat. He asks how much longer and Jaime simply says soon. Tyrion asks if Oberyn has a chance. Jaime says he's never seen him fight. Tyrion panics that they are both going to die and starts worrying about his beheading. They reminisce about their "simple" cousin Orson who used to smash beetles with a rock. He talks about being obsessed with why he was smashing beetles since Orson couldn't explain for himself. So he observed him frequently because he had to know why he was doing it. He tried to stop him once unsuccessfully. Until a mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. He asks Jaime what he thinks, why he did it? Jaime says he doesn't know. Suddenly a bell begins clanging. Jaime gets up to leave and says "good luck today.'Tyrion is brought out to stand by Oberyn. He does not approve that Oberyn is wearing very light armor, no helmet and is drinking. Ilaria's eyes go wide when she sees the Mountain. She kisses him and asks him not to leave her alone in this world. He says it's not his day to die. Maester Pycelle stands before the crowd, including Cersei, Jaime, Tywin and Varys and announces the trial by combat. The Mountain is huge but Oberyn is athletically nimble. He's also very chatty. He keeps repeating that he is going to make the Mountain confess that he raped and murdered his sister and killed his children before he kills him. They fight, Oberyn finally gets the upperhand and stabs the Mountain several times and has him down on the ground but he hasn't struck the mortal blow. He keeps demanding that he confess and asks who gave the order, pointing at Tywin, and saying the Mountain must say her name. The Mountain suddenly gets a second wind and flips Oberyn over and confesses that he did indeed rape her, kill her and murder her children and says her name for good measure. Unfortunately for Oberyn while he's doing this confessing he is pressing Oberyn's eyeballs back into his skull and brains until-- Oberyn's head explodes. Ilaria screams. Tyrion swoon. The Mountain collapses. Tywin stands and says the gods have spoken and that Tyrion will be put to death.
