"Game of Thrones" - "Oathkeeper" - April 27, 2014Dany's right hand woman Missandei is teaching Grey Worm to read the Common Tongue (English), he's reading in a halting voice and she's helping his with words and tenses. She's telling him about when she was captured by slavers when she was five years old. She remembers seeing her village burning. He doesn't remember his home before slavery. He's from the Summer Isles, he doesn't want to return. Dany and Barristan arrive and tell him "it's time."Grey Worm and a group of men approach the walls of Mereen by water. They pry open the gates and infiltrate the tunnels underneath. We switch to a group of slaves in the tunnels. One is trying to convince the others to revolt. They are skeptical and think they will be killed. Grey Worm arrives and says "All men must die" but that one day of freedom is better than a life in chains. The slaves say they are not soldiers and have no weapons. The Unsullied drop bags of weapons and Grey Worm says there are three slaves for every master and no one can give them their freedom, they must take it. So they do.After the masters have been captured and/or killed, Dany enters into the city to the cheers of the freed slaves. Dany asks to be reminded how many children the masters of Mereen killed on the road to the city. Ser Jorah says 163. She prepares to kill as many masters. Barristan says she has control of the city and sometimes it's better to answer injustice with mercy. She says she will answer injustice with justice. The masters are crucified. Dany stands on the Mereen tower, the Targaryen flag flying behind her.Bronn and Jaime continue their training by the seaside. Jaime is doing well and then Bronn grabs his hand and smacks him in the face with it to make a point. Jaime asks if he thinks Tyrion did it. Bronn says Tyrion hated Joffrey for sure, but everyone did, and poison and murder aren't Tyrion's style. Bronn says he should go see him and ask him himself. Bronn wonders if Jaime is going to fight for Tyrion.Jaime goes to see his brother in jail. He apologizes for not coming sooner. Tyrion asks how Cersei is. He says "How do you think, her son died in her arms?" "Her son," Tyrion asks pointedly. Jaime tells him not to start. Tyrion asks him if Cersei asked him to kill him. She did. Tyrion wonders if he should turn around. Jaime says he first has to ask if he did it. Tyrion can't believe he's asking if he killed his brother's son. Jaime can't believe he's asking if he's going to kill his brother. Tyrion knows Cersei wants his head on a spike. Jaime adds she wants Sansa's too. Tyrion says Sansa's not a killer. Not yet anyway.We cut to Sansa on Littlefinger's ship. She asks where he's taking her. He says he's marrying her Aunt Lysa in the Eyrie and she'll be safe there. She asks if he killed Joffrey. He feigns innocence and says he's been in the Vale for weeks. She says he must've had help and deduces it was neither the Fool nor Tyrion. He says the necklace the Fool gave her had a missing stone after the feast, it had the poison in it. She says the Lannister's were good to him. He says the man with no motive is a man no one suspects. She doesn't believe him, saying it's too much of a risk and his head will be on a spike. He says too few men risk everything for what they want, like he does. She asks what he wants, he says everything. He says his Lannister friendship was good but Joffrey was an unreliable friend. She wonders who would want to be friends with him. He says he has new friends and they wanted Joffrey dead and killing him strengthened their friendship.Tellingly we cut to Olenna and Margaery. Olenna is leaving, she's not interested in the trial. It turns out Margaery has a new match to connect with: Tommen. Olenna says if she gives him a little taste-- like she did to a man intended for her sister long ago who ended up marrying her instead because of the hot action she gave him-- that she will get what she wants.Olenna says she was good but that Margaery is even better. She tells her she needs to act quickly while Cersei is distracted by trying to kill her brother for killing Joffrey even though he didn't. Margaery asks how she knows. Olenna says she knows and tells Margaery "You don't think I'd let you marry that beast do you?" She tells her not to worry and get to work on Tommen.Jon Snow spars with the Crows to prepare them for the Wildling battle to come. He tells a little boy to just hang back and wait but he wants to fight. Jon has the men fight each other to prep.Roose Bolton's right hand man, Locke, is in the house-- undercover spying for Bolton-- and he does away with his sparring partner quickly. The Acting Commander comes down and reminds Jon he's a steward and not a trainer. He tells him to go find a chamber pot to empty and calls him a traitorous bastard and the old man Maester isn't there to protect him. He orders the others back to work.The AC's right hand man says Snow is liked and he is not. The AC doesn't care about being liked. The right hand man says there will be a "choosing" soon thanks to the Maester and the AC might not be chosen since he isn't well-liked. He says they should let Jon Snow and others march on Craster's Keep and let the mutineers take care of Snow or he might be taking orders from him for the rest of his life.Bolton's man Locke says he took Jon Snow for high born. Snow says he fights well and Locke says he came out of a sense of duty and then confesses he stole in order to feed his kids and chose the Wall over losing his hand figuring he wouldn't have to answer to any high borns here. He looks at AC and realizes he was wrong.Cersei calls Jaime and asks how many guards are standing guard on Tommen. She's mad it's just one. Jaime says he will keep their son safe. She asks why Catelyn set him free. He says he was set free because he said he would send her daughters back to her. She says he made a vow but now Catelyn is dead and if she told him to leave and find Sansa that murderous little bitch and bring her her head would he do it? He says nothing. She says she knows he saw Tyrion, that creature who murdered their son. Jaime says Tyrion didn't do it. She is mad that he's taking Tyrion's side. She says she wants four men at Tommen's door day and night and dismisses him curtly.Tommen lies awake in bed tossing and turning. Margaery Tyrell enters. He's surprised and says Cersei doesn't allow visitors. She says she's not a visitor but his intended bride. She said before they decide to spend their lives together they ought to get to know each other, doesn't he think? He agrees but worries about his mother. She says it can be their secret and if they're married they'll have several secrets. Sir Pounce, Tommen's cat jumps on his bed. Tommen says Joffrey threatened to kill him and feed him to Tommen. Margaery says that's cruel and she doesn't think Tommen is cruel. Tommen agrees he's not. She asks if she can come and visit again. He agrees. She leans in close and says "our little secret" and kisses his forehead.Jaime hangs with Brienne and gives her several gifts. One is his Valyrian steel sword. He says he swore an oath to return the Stark daughters to Catelyn and although Arya is probably dead she can find Sansa and get her to safety. He offers her a suit an armor. She says she'll find Sansa for Lady Catelyn and for him. He says he has one more gift and he gives her Podrick. She doesn't want him but he promises to serve her well and Jaime notes he's in danger so it's better if she takes him and he will serve her well. Bronn gives Pod Tyrion's axe from the Battle of Blackwater. Jaime asks Brienne what she will name her sword. She calls it "Oathkeeper." He says goodbye. She nods. She and Pod ride off, she turns back to look at Jaime once more.Sam is worried that Gilly is no safer out in Mole's Town than she is at Castle Black. He wants to bring her back. Jon Snow says they can't leave. Sam says he tried to convince Bran to come back with him. Jon wonders how Bran and the others could've gotten beyond the Wall and worries that the Wildlings could've gotten to him. They wonder about Craster's Keep. Locke summons Jon Snow to see the AC.The AC tells him he can go to Craster's Keep but he's not sending anyone with him, volunteers only. Jon thanks him and then asks for volunteers among the men eating dinner. He says he's going to kill or capture the mutineers and their survival may depend on getting to them before Mance Rayder gets to them and learns what they know about Castle Black. He gives a rousing speech and says they need to get justice for Jeor Mormont, the original Lord Commander. He asks who will join him and men begin to stand, including Locke. He says he can't take Locke since he's a recruit. The A.C. okays it.At Craster's the mutineers drink and rape Craster's daughters, and Karl drinks wine out of Jeor Mormont's skull. The main mutineer Karl tells another to go out and feed Jon's direwolf. The other says they should kill it. The two men trade coarse insults. Karl harangues the second guy, bragging about what a legendary killer he was in Gin Alley.A woman enters with a baby. She says it's Craster's last child, a boy. Karl wonders if Craster killed them and prepares to do that. She says Craster didn't kill them, he offered them as a gift to the gods. The women start murmuring "Gift to the gods!" over and over. He thinks that means the White Walkers. He hands the other mutineer to whom he was bullying the baby and tells him to go leave the baby for the White Walkers. The man takes the baby into the woods and leaves him in the snow. The baby cries.The man trudges back and is supposed to feed and water Jon Snow's caged direwolf along the way. Instead he pours the water into a pool in front of his cage tauntingly. A cold wind blows, creatures make noise, the water turns to ice and a man turns tail and runs.Hodor wakes with a start, "Hodor?" He and Bran, JoJen, and Meera are sleeping around a fire. They hear the baby crying. Bran goes into his direwolf Warg-style to investigate. The direwolf finds his brother's wolf, Ghost, before falling into a trap. Bran awakens not knowing where the direwolf is being held exactly.The next morning they peep Craster's Keep. They see the mutinous Crows and Meera realizes they're not safe and says they need to go. But just as they're about to investigate they're apprehended by the mutineers. They tie up and torture Hodor. They bring the kids to Karl. He can see Bran is highborn and asks who he is. Bran says nothing and he slaps him. He touches Meera's hair and asks why she dragged a crippled boy all the way up here. She says nothing. Karl says a high born hostage is valuable but three of them is a lot of mouths to feed. When JoJen has a fit, seizing and foaming at the mouth Meera wants to help him but the mutineer puts a knife to her throat. Bran says "I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell." The mutineer lets Meera go, and she helps Jojen. Karl quips "and I thought this was going to be another boring day."The White Walker, on a horse, has retrieved the baby. He rides to some kind of crystal outcropping and lays the baby at its center on a block of ice. The baby cries. Another White Walker approaches and picks up the baby. He touches the baby's face with his gross long, pointy nail and turns his eyes demon blue, making him a White Walker.
