S7 Ep 3A launch beaches at a rugged coast, Jon Snow arrives at Dragonstone, Snow and Davos greet Tyrion and Missandei warmly, but are required to disarm. Tyrion and Jon chat and catch up since they last met, both have long stories to tell. Suddenly a dragon swoops low and startles the visitors.Melisandre and Varys watch from on high. She is on her way to Volantis but ominously says she will be back.Jon is brought to the Throne Room, Missandei announces the Queen"s titles, she says the Stark's pledged loyalty to the Targaryeon's for eternity. Daenerys demands Jon bends a knee. The meeting goes sideways as Jon refuses and brings up the White Walkers and The Army of the Dead. Varys arrives and whispers something in Daenerys' ear, she ends the meeting.Varys has the bad news about the lost naval battle and the loss of the Sands.Theon is rescued by remnants of his fleet,they are disgusted by his cowardice.Euron Greyjoy rides a horse into King's Landing leading Yara and Illaria and Tyene Sand by the neck.The women are pelted by the crowds. Euron presents the women to Cersei. Cersei annouces Euron and Jaime will co-command the military.In a dudgeon Cersei taunts Illaria, bitter about the murder of her daughter. Cersei kisses the Tyene Sand and wipes off the lipstick poison, the same one Illaria used. Illaria, chained and gagged, is in tears.Cersei goes to the dining room, a depressed Jaime is there, she takes him for sex. In the morning a door knocks, a visitor has arrived from Braavos. The representative from the Iron Bank commiserates but gets to the money talk. Cersei attempts to show her side is the better bet and asks for two weeks to prove it.Tyrion and Jon talk at a high cliff, Jon is frustrated as a de facto prisoner. Tyrion believes him about the Night King, but may be able to help with a reasonable request. Tyrion then relays the request for dragonglass to Daenerys. Later Dany meets Jon overlooking the sea. Daenerys agrees to give him the dragonglass.Back in Winterfell Sansa gives orders to gather grain, put leather on metal breastplates. Baelish says she`s doing a great job. He warns her to be prepared for anything. Summoned to the courtyard she meets her brother Bran, the two hug. They chat at the red tree. He says he is the Three EyedRaven, all knowing and all seeing, but difficult to explain.
Jorah Mormount is examined, the grey scale infection is inactive. Jorah is free to go and thanks Sam Tarly, they shake hands in farewell. In the office the Archmaestre reprimands Sam but acknowledges he completed a difficult cure, but gives him a punitive task to copy old manuscripts.Daenerys wants to go to sea with her three dragons to defeate Euron. Tyrion, Varys and Missandei say it is too risky. They discuss the battle in Casterly Rock, Tyrion reveals only he is aware of a secret sewer passage,
The entry point for the Unsullied. Grey Worm and his eunuchs prevail but the Lannister defense is weak, the expected 10,000 defenders are not there. Euron and his fleet are in the harbour burining the Unsullied ships.Instead Jaime leads his army against House Tyrell, winning easily. He meets Dame Olenna afterwards, Olenna regrets underestimating how evil Cersei is. Jaime offers her poison as a way out, Olenna drinks quickly. Olenna then reveals she was the one who poisoned Joffrey. Jaime leaves with a grimace.
