"Valar Dohaeris" - March 31, 2013We pick up right where we left off: Samwell Tarley is running through a blinding blizzard. He comes upon one of his brothers from the Night's Watch. He is holding his head in his arms. He has been decapitated by a White Walker. More seem imminent and one approaches and scrabbles after him but Jon's direwolf, Ghost and his other brothers arrive and set fire to him. Lord Commander Jeor Mormont asks if he sent the ravens. He did not. It was Samwell's only job. He turns to the others and says they need to get back to wall to warn everyone because if they don't, before Winter is done, everyone they've ever known will be dead.Meanwhile, Jon Snow is finally brought to Mance Rayder (Ciarán Hinds), the King Beyond the Wall. He gains his trust by telling him that he wants to turn traitor and join the Wildlings because of what he saw at Craster's Keep and what "took" the baby boy that Craster left for it. He says when he told the Commander about the White Walker that Mormont saw and that he knew. He tells Rayder that he wants to fight for the side that fights for the living.In King's Landing Tyrion is stewing. He was injured in the battle... at the direction of his sister... and been taken down several pegs in standing now that his father Tywin serves as Hand to King Joffrey. He asks for a meeting with Tywin. He wonders where his reward is for leading the charge in the battle, for being injured, for showing cunning and daring. His father lets him know in no uncertain terms, without a shred of sentimentality that he is ashamed of him, still angry that he "killed" his mother by being born, and that he has been a disappointment his whole life with his love for booze and whores. He says he will be compensated eventually but he will not get what he thinks he's "entitled" to... Casterley Rock... but whatever Tywin deems appropriate, what is "suited" to his accomplishments and a position that suits him and a suitable wife.Davos Seaworth is saved from a godforsaken rock in the ocean by his pirate friend Salladhor Saan (Lucian Msamati). Davos lost his son in the battle. He wants to get to Stannis Baratheon but Saan tells him that Stannis remains under the sway of Melisandre at Dragonstone. She has been burning men alive that spoke against her, Stannis is a recluse, and there's no talking to him since he lost the battle. Davos begs him, mostly he just wants to kill Melisandre. Saan tries to dissuade him. He says when Davos is dead he'll gather his bones and let his widow wear them around her neck.Davos gets a drop off and Stannis doesn't seem all that psyched to see him. Frankly, he seems depressed. He argues with Melisandre, calls her his enemy. She challenges him and says she could've saved them all that day but Davos convinced Stannis not to bring her. She taunts him about the men burning up in the wildfire, like his son. He tries to attack her and Stannis has him locked away. Melisandre says she'll pray for him.Robb Stark, newlywed, is still busy making plans. He wants to fight the Lannisters, who he says have been running from them. They come upon a decimated city. One man lives, a maester who reveals his name as Qyburn (Anton Lesser), and Talisa, Robb's wife, attends to him as he tells his tale. Robb orders his mother locked up, still angry that she allowed Jaime Lannister to leave in an attempt to ransom Arya and Sansa.Sansa and Shae play a game on the shore, pretending where the various ships are going. Littlefinger arrives and tells Sansa he saw her mother recently and she wants to see her and Arya. He tells Sansa he's working on an assignment far away and when he sets sail he might be able to take her but she'll need to be ready to go at a moment's notice. Ros tells Shae to watch out for Sansa with Littlefinger.Lady Margaery and King Joffrey are being carried through the city when she stops to speak to the orphans of the battle of Blackwater Bay. She gives them toys and food and says she and the king will take care of them. Later that night she and Loris have dinner with Joffrey and Cersei, and Cersei is her usual cool, cruel self, questioning her about stopping with the orphans. Cersei says Margaery should be careful since they were attacked there once. Joffrey says she's blowing it out of proportion. She immediately accedes and says that he's his father's son but not everyone can have a king's bravery.Heading towards Slavers Bay, Danaerys' dragons are a lot bigger as they fly over the ship she was able to get. She says they need to grow even bigger. She says she also needs an army. Jorah wants to enlist a slave army but she doesn't like that idea. The Dothraki unfortunately are not taking to the high seas so well. She points out that Jora shouldn't mock them since they followed her, and are the first Dothraki to sail on the "poisoned waters." He says they followed strength and she'll need to exhibit even more to get others to follow her.They arrive at Astapor and appraise the army on offer: the Unsullied. They are expertly trained, incredibly loyal, and unafraid of death. The Master, Kraznys Mo Nakloz (Dan Hildebrand) who owns the Unsullied, insults Danaerys and Jorah as he gives his tour of the soldiers, and a woman, Missandei (Nathalie Emmanuel), translates for him. To prove how tough they are he goes up to one and slices off his nipple. The soldier shows no pain and responds that he is happy to serve. Kraznys says as part of their practice, they also toughen them up by giving them a silver coin, sending them to the slave market, and killing a child in front of its mother, paying the child's owner for the trouble. (In short, he is despicable.) He says he has 8,000 soldiers to sell and she needs to make her mind soon. She is disgusted knowing this means that there are 8,000 dead babies and wrestles with the idea of being a slave owner.Jorah points out that she would clearly make a kinder master at the very least and see that they're properly fed and sheltered. As they talk, they follow a mischievous little girl through the marketplace and a creepy cloaked figure trails them. The little girl smiles at Dany, charming her. She rolls a ball toward Danaerys and gestures for her to open it. As she is about to open it, the cloaked figure lunges. Jorah grabs him and Danaerys falls. The ball opens and a horrible, clearly deadly insect-like creature crawls out. The cloaked figure kills it and saves her.The little girl opens her mouth to display blue-stained teeth, hisses an otherworldly hiss and then jumps in the water. They turn and she is now standing on a rooftop behind them. She was sent by the warlocks.Danaerys thanks the cloaked figure, who reveals himself to be Ser Barristan Selmy (Ian McElhinney), Commander of King Robert Baratheon's guard who had been relieved of his station and exiled by Joffrey. He's been searching for Daenaerys since King Robert's death. Selmy asks forgiveness in failing to protect her kinsman the previous "mad" King Aerys II whom he had served before Baratheon's successful rebellion. He takes a knee before her, calls her queen and asks to join her Queen's Guard. He promises he won't fail her this time.
