Varys pays Ned another visit in the dungeon to tell him about Sansa pleading for his life. Varys tells Ned he could free him, but won't. As the master of whispers, he tries to stay out of things. Varys says he just wants peace.The eunuch tells Ned about Robb going to war. Varys tries to convince Ned to go along with Joffrey as the heir and call off war.Ned would rather die with honor than go along with it.But Varys mentions that Sansa might be in danger, too.Outside of The Twins, the home of the Freys and the only crossing of the river Trident, Robb and Theon shoot down message-bearing ravens from Lord Walder, while trying to figure out how to get across. They know Tywin is marching north. Robb decides to enter the Twins alone to bargain with Lord Walder. Catelyn suggests she'll go instead, as she doesn't think he'll hurt her.In Lord Walder's court, Catelyn greets him. His sons admonish the old man for not being more polite. He's busy groping his latest wife, all of 15 years old. Catelyn speaks to him alone to ask him to open his gates so Robb can cross the Trident. Lord Walder tells Cat that her family, the Tullys, have always pissed on his family, and her father never attended his many weddings nor agreed to join their houses in marriage. He remembers every tiny slight from the other houses. He thinks Robb doesn't stand a chance against Tywin and he sees Robb and his men as rebels. But he's not inclined to get involved. Catelyn asks him what it's going to take to get him to open the gates.At the wall, the Lord Commander Mormont gives Jon Snow his family sword, made with Valerian steel and a new pommel in the shape of a wolf. It was supposed to go to Jorah, his disgraced outcast son, but Jon is given it out of gratitude for saving his life.Mormont is tired of Jon's tiff with Lord Thorne, so he sent Thorne to King's Landing with the hand from the twice-slain beast to lay at Joffrey's feet -- and to get him away from Jon.All the Night's Watch men are impressed by the sword and take turns trying it out. Sam hesitates and then tells Jon Snow he read the note from a raven -- he tells him Robb is heading south to war. Jon thinks he should be there.Catelyn rejoins Robb and tells him Walder granted their crossing and will lend his men to fight. He wants his son Olyvar to serve as Robb's personal squire. In addition, Arya must marry one of his sons and Robb has to marry one of his daughters. Catelyn hesitatingly says one of them was "OK." Robb consents to the deal.Blind Maester Aemon at Wall talks to Jon Snow about the difficulty of putting honor before family. He tells Jon about the day he got word that his brother and his family had been killed. Jon asks who he is. His father was Maekar. He's Aemon Targaryen. He says he's now just the master of the citadel, bound in service to the Night's Watch.He tells Jon he has to choose whether to stay or go and live with his choice.Daenerys and Kal Drogo ride with the Dothraki. He's seriously ill from his wound and falls off his horse. A Dothraki who cannot ride, cannot rule. Overruling the other Dothraki who want to kill the witch, Daenerys demands that Mirri Maz Duur be brought to her.At his council table Tywin tells Tyrion that Shagga and the wild men will be in the vanguard on the front lines. Tyrian says the Stone Crows got in a bloody fight last night over a sausage. Tyrion is not thrilled to be bound to them.Tyrion comes back to his tent to find a pretty whore named Shae. Bronn took her from another man's tent, but since Tyrion expects to die at war, he's not worried about retaliation.At the Dothraki camp, Drogo is delirious with fever. His wound is infected. Jorah looks at it and thinks it likely he'll die that night. Jorah encourages Daenerys to leave now. When Drogo dies there will be a fight to be Khal and she'll have no standing. One of Drogo's men makes this point to her again. She insists she's the blood of the dragon, but the man isn't impressed.Daenerys advises Jorah to wear his armour tonight.Daenerys promises the witch her freedom if she can save Drogo. She says she knows of a spell, but it is blood magic. She calls for Drogo's horse, and tells Dany that once she starts chanting, nobody is to enter the tent.In the tent, the witch slits the throat of the horse. Jorah thinks they made a mistake by not leaving earlier for Asshai. One of Drogo's men tries to go into the tent to kill the witch. He knocks Daenerys on her very pregnant stomach and fights Ser Jorah, who coolly kills the man after a brief battle.Daenerys says the baby is coming. Nobody is around who can help with the birth, but someone says the witch knows how to deliver a baby. Against the the witch's warning, Jorah carries her back into the tent where the spell is still being worked.Tyrion plays drinking games with Bronn and Shae. He suggests a game where he makes a statement and if it's true they drink and if he's wrong, he drinks.Tyrion suggests Bronn has been north of the wall and Bronn drinks.He guesses that Shae's mother was a whore and her father left when she was young. He scores 0 out of 2.We learn Tyrion used to be married. He tells a story about being out riding with Jaime when he was 16 and rescuing a woman named Tysha from rapists. He took her for food and ended up in bed with her. They got married the next day.It turned out it was all set-up by Jaime, who thought it was time Tyrion had his first woman and hired the whore. His father brought Tysha before court and let all his men have her for a silver coin each while he forced Tyrion to watch. Tyrion says that she earned so much silver that she couldn't hold them in her hand.Shae says he should have known because a girl who was almost raped doesn't invite a man into her bed two hours later. She spends the night with Tyrion.Bronn wakes him up the next morning to tell him the war is under way. Tyrion suits up and rallies the savages, who cheer for the "half-man." Then he promptly gets accidentally knocked out by one of their clubs and stepped on.He comes to after the fight, being dragged in a wagon by Bronn. They won.Tywin tells them it was only 2,000 of Robb Stark's men. Tyrion asks where the other 18,000 are.Robb rides back to greet his mother, with Jaime Lannister as prisoner. He knew he was sending the 2,000 decoys to their deaths.He addresses his bannermen, telling them the war is far from over.Arya catches a pigeon in a street in King's Landing. She tries to trade it to a baker for a pie, but he refuses. She sees everyone running toward something and someone tells her they're doing something with the Hand of the King.She runs to stony Baelor Sept, which is packed with people and sees her father Ned brought out in chains. He sees her above the crowd. As he's lead up to Cersei and the ersatz King, he points her out to Yoren of the Night's Watch.He addresses the crowd as Sansa, Joffrey and everyone listen. Sansa nods him on as he says he's come to confess his treason. He says he plotted to murder Joffrey and seize the throne. He proclaims Joffrey the one true heir to the Iron Throne.Joffrey says Cersei wants him to let Ned serve the Night's Watch and Sansa has begged him for mercy. But he says they have the "soft hearts of women" and treason cannot go unpunished. "Bring me his head!" Joffrey says.Arya runs toward her father but Yoren grabs her and keeps her from watching. Sansa screams and has to be restrained.Ned is forced to kneel as the executioner raises Ned's own giant sword. Ned sees that Arya isn't watching and takes a deep breath, calmly baring his neck for the blade. The sword comes down and we hear the sound of his head coming off.
