Varys writes a raven-gram message to someone explaining that Jon Snow is the heir to the Iron Throne. The door knocks, a serving girl reports Daenerys is still not eating, the young girl is nervous saying the soldiers are watching her. Varys gives her a confidence boost. Later, Tyrion watches from on high as Jon Snow arrives at Dragonstone by launch, met by Varys on the beach. Jon reports the army is two days away. Daenerys is in her chambers not seeing everyone. Varys hints at a mutiny, Jon stresses he only supports the Queen.Tyrion is summoned to Daenerys at the Map Room. She reveals she knows Tyrion knows about Jon, who must have betrayed her. He names Varys, Tyrion is forced to apologize, she is very bitter. Varys hears footsteps and burns a note, he removes his rings. Grey Worm and Unsullied take him to the beach, lit by a few torches. Tyrion takes blame, Varys accepts his fate and says goodbye. Daenerys issues a death sentence, and orders her dragon to flame the eunuch. Jon watches in silence.By a fire Daenerys gives Grey Worm a souvenir from Missandei, her old slave collar, he tosses it in the fire. She excuses him so she can talk to Jon. She blames him for telling Sansa, he says he loves her, they kiss but again the spark is missing. Dany steps back.Tyrion tries to convince Dany the citizens of Kings Landing are innocent, under hostage to Cersei. Dany says she needs to show her strength. Tyrion pleads for her to call off the attack if the City bells ring out in surrender. She nods, then sends Grey Worm to take the Unsullied to meet Jon's Army. Dany then mentions they captured Jaime, she tells Tyrion he can only fail her one more time.At day, a steady stream of civilians enter Kings Landing. Jon and Tyrion are rowed to their army camp, the attack will occur at daybreak. Tyrion asks Davos for a smuggling favor.Sandor Cleghane and Arya ride up to a sentry post, they breeze through.Tyrion goes to see Jaime held under Unsullied guard. They allow him to pass. Jaime reveals his gilt hand gave him away, Tyrion wants Jaime to try to get Cersei to surrender, mentioning the baby. Tyrion tells him to take Cersei out the secret passage at the bottom of the Red Keep. A dinghy will be waiting. Jaime promises to do as his brother says. Jaime warns him Dany won't be happy, Tyrion hopes for mercy. Tyrion unlocks Jaime, his only friend growing up. They hug.The next day is sunny and still. The Iron fleet prepares the scorpion weapons. Lannister troops man the high walls. Civilians close their doors and windows. Arya and Sandor make it in to the City on foot. Jaime, wearing a cloak also goes for the Main Gate. The Golden Company takes position outside the North Gate. Jon, Davos and Tyrion stand on a rise with their army, Tyrion says to call off their men if the bells ring. Cersei looks over King Landing with a confident smile. Sandor and Arya get through to the Keep as the doors close, Jaime is forced to find another way in. The crowd begins to panic.In the harbor, Euron paces, he senses something and looks up into the sun. Alarmed, he sees the dragon diving down, he tries to redirect the weapons but the beast strafes and destroys the ships. The dragon evades the scorpions and destroys the defensive weapons. On the other side of the City, they hear explosions, suddenly the wall explodes from the inside, the dragon blasts the sellswords and Grey Worm leads the charge, Dothraki cavalry breaking into the City. The dragon continues destroying Cersei's army. Cersei looks from a distance, slightly concerned, but hopeful of one good shot. Tyrion walks toward the City. Qyburn tells Cersei the scorpions have all been destroyed, still confident, she expects her men to fight, the Red Keep has never fallen.Grey Worm leads the army further into the City, they meet a line of Lannister troops blocking a main road. Tyrion looks anxiously at the bell tower. Dany and her dragon land on a rooftop and roar in triumph. The Lannister Army drop their swords, the fighting pauses. Dany surveys the scene from her mount, Cersei watches the north end of the City in flames. Tyrion and Jon wait, then the bell peels, Cersei grimaces. Dany stares at the Red Keep, then takes off, her dragon flying low scaring the city folk. Suddenly the dragon spews fire and starts burning Kings Landing. Grey Worm sees the carnage and throws his pike at an unarmed opponent. The Unsullied surge forward slaughtering the Lannister Army.Jon pauses, then tries to hold back his Army, Grey Worm flashes him a look of hate and continues his killing. The Dragon roams over the City burning large swaths, Tyrion is stunned. The Unsullied and Dothraki kill everyone in sight. Jon walks in a daze, he stops a rapist. The dragon flies toward the Red Keep.Jamie gets to the base of the Castle, sees the row boat waiting. Euron is there taunting him. The dragon now works on the Keep, towers fall. Euron and Jaime fight, Qyburn gets Cersei and leads her away to escape. Jaime is able to hold his own but is stabbed. He manages to recover his sword and runs Euron through. Euron dies happy, believing he killed Jaime with the mortal wounds. Jaime staggers into the Red Keep.The Hound and Arya make their way up into the Castle, Sandor tells Arya to go, not to end up like him. She thanks him and goes back. Sandor meets Cersei, Qyburn and the Mountain on the stairs, the dragon batters the walls. Sandor easily kills other guards then approaches his big brother. The larger Cleghane kills Qyburn, then approaches the smaller Hound. Cersei slips past as the two brothers fight with swords. Sandor knocks off the other's helmet revealing a brutalized face. Cersei stumbles around in shock, Jaime meets her and they hug. She weeps and realizes Jaime is hurt. He leads her away.Sandor stabs the Mountain but the brute will not die, just pulling the sword out of his gut. Like Frankenstein's monster he trudges toward an exhausted Sandor.Arya is outside the Keep, to scenes of death and destruction, she stumbles along as walls caves in, then is caught in a stampede, trampled.Sandor is beaten badly by his monster brother. Arya manages to get up and tries to rescue a young family. The Mountain begins to choke and poke Sandor's eyes out, but the Hound buys relief by driving a dagger through the other's eye. With a last gasp, Sandor charges pushing both of them off the tower and they fall hundreds of feet to the fires below.Jon sees some buildings explode with the green fires, he sheaths his sword then calls for everyone to pull back. Davos and others follow.Arya gets up covered in dust, running, again she is covered by falling bricks. She makes it to safety in a room with others, she tries to get them to move. A Dothraki wounds the young father she tries to save, then she has to dive for cover as the flaming dragon approaches.Jaime and Cersei make it to the lowest level but their way to the beach is blocked by rubble. They are trapped. Cersei cries, afraid to die, Jaime takes her close and reassures her. The roof continues to collapse and they are buried.Ashes fall on a destroyed Kings Landing. Arya is still alive in the ruins, she sees a white horse, mounts up and gallops away.
