Lady Crane acts out the death of King Joffrey as Cersei again, this time showing anger as Arya had suggested earlier. Backstage she finds the wounded Arya. She stitches up Arya and serves some soup. Arya is coy about her plans and hints she is travelling west of Westeros, to the unknown. Arya falls asleep.In a woods four men joke around a campfire. The Hound strides in and kills three quickly with his axe, demands to know where the man with the yellow cloak is from the last one left, but refusing to tell the defiant man, is killed also.In Mereen, Varys and Tyrion walk easily in the City. The deal with the slavers has brought some normalcy. Varys is leaving to find more allies abroad.Maester Qyburn enters Cersei's chambers. He announces seven members of the Faith Militant are there to see her. They order her to go see the High Septon, she refuses. The huge armoured Mountain steps in and brutally kills one Militant, Cersei returns to her apartment.Brienne and Pod arrive at Jaime's siege of Riverrun, she asks to see Jaime. Bronn and Pod re-connect and joke about Brienne and Jaime. Jaime and Brienne discuss the Tully's and Riverrun. Brienne asks for a chance to convince the Blackfish to leave the castle. Jaime gives her until nightfall. He also lets her keep the Valerian sword.In the castle Blackfish refuses to surrender his family seat. Brienne gives him a letter from Sansa but says he doesn't have enough men to help Winterfell. Brienne tells Pod to send a raven north with the message she failed.Cersei arrives in the Throne Room but is held back by Kevan Lannister and told to sit with the other ladies. Tommen makes a decree that Loras and Cersei will be tried and the Crown is forbidding Trial by Combat. Cersei is stunned. Qyburn sidles up beside her and whispers that the rumour he investigated is true.Tyrion tries to engage Grey Worm and Missandre in drink. They sip wine, Tyrion tells a joke which falls flat. Missandre tells a humorous joke. Grey Worm also lightens up. Suddenly warning bells clang, the Slave Master fleet has returned in strength.Jaime enters a tent with Edmure Tully tied to the centre pole. Although civil, Jaime states his respect for Catelyn Tully Stark, he threatens Edmure's baby boy and every Tully in order to end the siege. Edmure arrives at the castle and demands entry. Blackfish tells the guards to refuse but they state Edmure is the rightful Lord of Riverrun and they must obey. Edmure's is allowed in. Jaime and his army wait. Edmure orders the men inside to lay down their arms and open the gates. He also orders the Blackfish to be put in irons. Near the river Blackfish helps Brienne and Pod escape, he draws his sword and goes to fight. A guard reports to Jaime the Blackfish is dead, Jaime sees Brienne and Pod row away in the dark and waves farewell.The Slave Master fleet assaults Mereen with fireballs. Tyrion is unsure what to do, Grey Worm suggests a defensive strategy. A loud noise on the roof startles them, Danerys walks in from the balcony.On a country road the Hound finds Beric Dondarrion about to hang the yellow cloak man and others for pillaging local villages. Beric won't allow him to kill them with an axe, so he kicks out the boxes and the men dangle on their noose. The Hound takes the Lemoncloak's boots. Afterwards, Beric tries to convince Sandior to join them going north where he can do some good.Lady Crane checks on Arya, turns to a sound behind her. As the young Stark wakes she finds Crane dead and the Waif taunting her. Arya runs and the Waif chases through the streets and steam baths of Braavos. Arya falls and her wound re-opens. Weakened, she leaves a bloody trail for the Waif. They face each other in Arya's room, the Waif is confident, until Arya extinguishes the lone candle. The room goes black. Later Arya goes to see Jaqen. He seems satisfied she is finally a 'no-one'. As she announces she is Arya Stark and going home, he smiles and lets her go.
