"Game of Thrones" - "Two Swords" - April 6, 2014We open on a sword ensconced in a wolf's body. The sword is removed, boiled down and made into two separate swords at the behest of Tywin Lannister. It was Ned Stark's sword, made of Valyrian steel. Tywin throws the wolf on the fire and watches it burn.We move to King's Landing and Jaime receiving the larger of the two swords from Tywin. He will learn to fight with his left hand. They note they have always wanted one of these in the family for years and now they have two. Tywin doesn't want Jaime to serve in the King's Guard with one hand and wants him to return to Casterley Rock and rule in his stead, but Jaime insists that he still can and he doesn't want to break his vow to the King's Guard. Tywin gets annoyed at this but lets him go serve. He lets him keep the sword since a one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get.Tyrion awaits the party of the Prince of Dorne who is arriving for the royal wedding. There is bad blood between the Lannisters and the Martells of Dorne and Tyrion is nervous. The party arrives and it is not the prince, it is lords from the houses of Dorne. They tell him the prince is unwell and he couldn't come and he sent his brother Prince Oberyn in his stead and that he arrived before dawn since he's not a man for welcome parties. They blow him off and head on to King's Landing. Tyrion says they need to find Oberyn who is famous for being a playboy so they head to the whorehouse.He is in fact there, choosing between several lovely whores. He's interested, however, in not just them but also the young pimp who is displaying them. The man says he is wildly expensive. Oberyn doesn't care. The young man and one of the women are in fact willing. Oberyn is with an exotic looking woman, his companion. They will all be having the sex together apparently. Until a man who is singing in another room interrupts Oberyn's train of thought. They go into the other room where two men are sitting with two whores, singing and drinking. The men are Lannisters. Oberyn threatens them, the Lannisters taunt him as a roughneck. Oberyn says Lannisters think their gold makes them better than everyone, but it doesn't. He then stabs one of the men in the hand. Tyrion enters at this point as the man writhes in pain. They scamper off to seek medical attention. Oberyn begins kissing his female companion, Ellaria Sand (Sand being the surname of noble-born bastards in Dorne the way Snow is in the North), in front of them as Tyrion tries to welcome them. Oberyn introduces him as the king's uncle imp. Tyrion asks for a word in private and they step outside. He asks why Oberyn came. He says the last time he was there he was with his sister who was married to a Targaryen, who then left her for another woman and that started a war right here and Tywin took the city and carved up his nephew, niece, and that the Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane raped and murdered his sister. He says to tell Tywin that the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.Dany sits by the water and watches her dragons play with each other in the air over the water. The third rests its head in her lap. They are getting much, much bigger and more dangerous and a little rebellious not always listening to Dany's directives. Ser Jorah is worried that they can never be tamed, not even by her. She goes to find Daario and Grey Worm, they are in some silly gambling match, basically it's a dumb staring contest. She walks past her enormous, growing army of the Unsullied and the slaves she's picked up along the way and tells them they won't ride by her but at the end by the livestock and the last man holding his sword will have to find a new queen. They stop their contest.Shae tries to make Sansa eat but she refuses. She is beyond depressed. Tyrion arrives and tries to get her to eat as well. He sends Shae away so he can talk to her. He says he can't let her starve and that he swore to protect her. He touches her hand but she pulls hers away. He says he wants to help her but she says she lies awake all night thinking about how Robb and her mother died at the Red Wedding. Tyrion says it was all a terrible crime and that he admired her mother even though she wanted to have him executed and said she was strong and fierce in protecting her children. He says Catelyn would want her to carry on and she knows it's true. She departs in sadness.Tyrion returns to his quarters to a waiting Shae who wants him to make love to her. He says she can't be there and it can be dangerous. She blows this off saying she wants him and wants him to want her. He notes that times are tense right now and he has no time for this. She tells him he needs to relax and sticks his hand under her dress. Shae gets mad and wonders if he loves Sansa. He notes Sansa despises him and he doesn't love her. She says he tried to ship her away and asks if he wants her to leave. He says he doesn't know what she's talking about. She asks him if he wants her to stay. He doesn't answer. She stalks out. A woman in the hallway overhears all of this.Jaime is fitted with a new gold hand. Cersei is mad he doesn't seem to be happy about it since she worked hard on getting the detailing right. She thanks the doctor for giving her some medicine that helped with some nebulous "symptoms" she had. The two talk and he notes she drinks more than she used to. She said he started a war and disappeared and her husband died and her daughter was shipped off and there was a siege and now her son is marrying a bitch and she has to marry a homosexual. She drinks more now. Jaime comes to sit by her and tries to put the moves on her and she says not now. He wonders when since he's been back for weeks. He asks if something's changed. She says everything's changed and he came back with no apology and one hand and expects everything to be the same. He said he didn't want to be taken prisoner and murdered people to get back to her. She says he took too long. The woman from the hallway comes to snitch on Tyrion and Shae.Ygritte and the Wildlings wait in a valley trying to figure out what to do since Mance Rayder told them to wait there. She's worried Mance is dead. She and Tormund argue about Jon Snow and he says she put three arrows in him and if he's still walking it's because Ygritte let him go. A group of men arrive. They are Thens, they have scarred faces, bald heads, and are large and scary. The lead one says Mance sent them. He notes that the meat tastes better on this side of the wall. He also notes he didn't see them coming and that they lost Jon Snow. They say they will answer to Mance but not to him. He asks if Ygritte belongs to Tormund, she pulls her arrow and notes she doesn't belong to anyone. He's excited about the "food" on this side of the wall. The Thens are cannibals.Back at Castle Black Sam chats with the returned Jon Snow, who is talking about how he was jealous of Robb his whole life since he was better than Jon at everything-- hunting, riding, girls. He says he wanted to hate him and never could. Sam says he wanted to hate Jon Snow too since he's better at everything than him too, except reading. Jon thinks they'll want to hang him.Jon Snow goes before the main men of the Wall and explains what happened while he was working as a double agent with the wildlings, including killing the Halfhand and sleeping with a wildling girl. One guy says he has to die since he slept with the enemy. The meister says they couldn't kill everyone that broke that vow or else there would be no one to guard the wall. Jon points out that while they sit there and debate, Mance is marching on the wall with an army of 100,000. They don't believe him but Jon tries to impress upon him how serious this coming attack is, coming from the South and North. The signal will be a great bonfire. Jon asks if they're going to execute him or if he's free to go. The older man notes that none of them are free, but they won't be taking his head today and he can leave. The acting commander is mad the Meister let Jon go but they let it stand.Oleanna is looking at necklaces for Margaery and her wedding. She dismisses all the beautiful baubles. She tells the ladies in waiting to go to the jewelers and find a better necklace. Margaery grouses about Joffrey and Oleanna tells her to be careful about that kind of talk. Brienne of Tarth arrives and tells Margaery about the shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon who killed Renly and Brienne says one day she will avenge him. Margaery is sweet to her.Jaime goes over the logistics for the wedding with the King's Guard leader. Joffrey can't be bothered with the details. He then blathers on about how all he's done for the city and taunts Jaime for getting captured. Joffrey leafs through a book called the "Book of Brothers" that tells the tales of all the great deeds they did. He notes Jaime's page is barely filled in. Jaime says there's still time. Joffrey is skeptical of the 40 year-old one- handed man. Jaime says he uses his left hand now and it makes more of a contest.Dany talks with her girl about their march to Mereen to take the city with her army of slaves. Daario arrives to talk to her about strategy. He shows her three flowers, all of which are native to Mereen. One is poisonous, one is used to make tea. He says if you want to lead a people you have to know them and their surroundings. He then makes a little bouquet with the flowers and gives it to her. Very cute. She notes that he is indeed a gambler and smiles despite herself. On the march they come across a crucified slave. Ser Jorah notes there will be one at every mile marker into Mereen and there are 163 miles to go. Barristan wants to bury them but Dany wants to see their faces first.Brienne and Jaime look out at Sansa from a distance and Brienne reminds him of his promise to Catelyn to keep the Stark children safe. He notes Arya is probably dead and now that Sansa is a Lannister she's safe here. Brienne isn't buying that. Jaime asks if she isn't a Lannister after all since they're all being a pain in his ass and she does have the hair for it.Sansa takes a walk alone and hears a noise. A man makes himself known. He is the drunk fool whose life she saved on Joffrey's name day. He offers her the only thing of value he owns, a necklace that belonged to his mother and her mother before her. She tries to refuse it but he forces her saying it will let his name have one more moment in the sun before it disappears from the world. She says she's she'll wear it with pride.Arya and the Hound come across a ransacked caravan that includes dead body. Arya complains of wanting a horse of her own since she wants away from his stench. He says she's the only thing he has of value and he won't watch it ride away. She wonders why he didn't steal anything from Joffrey before he left. He admits he's a murderer but not a thief and that a man has to have a code. She says she has nowhere to go and wouldn't ride away and she'd be dead without him. He says he plans to sell her to a known living relative, her aunt Lysa in Vail. They come across a structure and count five horses and five men and he feels like that's too many to kill on an empty stuck. Arya recognizes them as the men who took them to Haarenhall and killed her friend and stole her sword and notes he still has it. She goes ahead after him to get her sword and he's angry with her. But then the door opens and they enter. It's a tavern of sorts with a bunch of men, one of whom is hassling a young girl. They sit as everyone stares at them. The tavern owner begs them not to molest his daughter. The man who stoles Arya's sword recognizes the hound and tells the owner to pour him so ale. They catch up on the news and his brother the Mountain who the guy has been working with. The man eyes the girl and figures the Hound has been having fun. He looks at Arya and says he's had better. The man invites him to come along and rape and pillage along the way to King's Landing thanks to the fact that they're wearing the King's colors. The Hound colorfully says to hell with the King. The man realizes the tale of Joffrey's man turning tale and running from battle he didn't believe it but now he realizes it's true. The Hound asks to have some chickens. The guy says he'll trade their chickens for a go at Arya. The Hound drinks the man's ale and then reiterates his request for some chickens. A fight ensues and, predictably, the Hound defeats all comers. Less predictably Arya helps him, kills one guy and takes her sword back from the man who stole it and kills him too. She looks pretty happy about it as he spouts blood. They ride off eating chickens and Arya on her very own horse.
