Lord Stark and his daughters arrive at King's Landing. Jaime greets him, but manages to remind him about his brother's and father's deaths and that 500 men stood and watched.
Stark asks if Lannister tells himself he was doing justice when he stabbed the Mad King Aerys Targaryen in the back, to avenge Ned's father.Stark meets Lord Petyr Baelish, who knew his brother Brandon. Brandon cut him down his middle, fighting for Catelyn Stark, Ned's wife.
Grand Maester Pycelle, the king's counselor, and Varys, a eunuch, are also there. They plan to start the meeting without the king.They've been commanded to stage a tournament in honor of Stark being named Hand of the King. They mention the cost and Baelish says the crown is already 6 million in debt. They tell him the king doesn't always listen to advice about such things.Ned is appalled at the money mismanagement and wants to do away with the tournament.Cersei treats her son's wounds. He whines that the direwolf attacked him and all he did was scream. He's embarrassed the Stark girls saw it. She corrects him that he fought the wolf off and killed it. She tells him he'll be king and get to write his own stories.He asks if he has to marry Sansa. His mother says yes, but that he only has to see her once in a while. "If you'd rather f--- painted whores, you'll f---- painted whores," she tells her young son.
"You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly at you'd like it to be."He thinks the people to the north should be taxed more and be forced to give up troops for the army.
She explains the north cannot be held, it's too big and too wild.
Part of being king is knowing when to fight and when to prepare against an enemy.
"So you agree, Starks are enemies?" he asks
"Anyone who isn't us are enemies," she says.At breakfast, Arya vents about the prince being a liar. She blames her sister Sansa for not telling the truth.
Ned brings Sansa a doll, but she only fumes that she hasn't played with dolls since she was eight.Later, Ned visits Arya in her room, where she is playing with her sword from Jon Snow.
Ned asks where she got it. She calls it "Needle."She tells her dad she asked Micah, the butcher's boy, to practice with her. She says she hates the Hound and the king and queen.Ned explains that Sansa has to take Joffrey's side, even when he's wrong. He reminds her of the Stark's words "Winter is coming." He warns her they have to protect each other. He says they've come to a dangerous place and cannot fight a war amongst themselves.He lets her keep the sword.Bran lies in bed as his nanny tells him about "a night that lasted a generation." She says the White Walkers came in that darkness for the first time, with their spiders "as big as hounds."Robb drops by. Bran doesn't remember anything. He says he fell. He's paralyzed. He says he'd rather be dead.Catelyn rides into King's Landing and is met by riders, instructing her to follow them.
She finds she was summoned by Baelish."You little worm!" she yells at being summoned to a brothel. Varys told her she was coming, but is evasive when asked how he knew. Varys asks to see the dagger but says he doesn't know who it belongs to.Baelish says it's his, but he lost it at a tournament -- to Tyrion Lannister, the imp.At the Wall, Jon Snow practices his sword work with other men and beats them all. Commander Mormont and Tyrion watch. He hands over a message brought by raven about Bran.Ned also gets a message. Baelish comes in and suggests he share the news with his wife.Ned takes him to the whorehouse where he's keeping her.After the practice, the one who got the worst of it from Jon jumps him with some friends. They hold a knife to his throat and threaten to throw him over the wall. Tyrion interrupts and suggest he'll tell his sister, the Queen, about it.Jon is upset that his father left him to rot at the Wall, not what he expected. Tyrion explains the men who were just trying to kill him didn't end up there by choice either. He points out they're not trained like him.Petyr promises he'll help the Starks, but asks them not to tell anyone. Cate says he's like a little brother to her and is a true friend.Jaime visits his sister, who is worried about Bran talking. He says he'll kill Bran if he remembers, as he wraps her in a not-so-brotherly embrace.Ned tells his wife he can't do anything about the Lannisters without proof, but once he gets it, he'll go to the king. He sends her back to Winterfell.The king talks to a knight about their first kills. He remembers killing a Tully on the battlefield. He mocks Lancel Lannister, the boy who waits on him with wine. He's Jaime's cousin.The king calls for Jaime. He complains about being surrounded by Lannisters. The king mocks Jaime for having to stand sentry for him. The king is sauced.
He asks about Jaime's first kill, an outlaw.He asks about what the Mad King Aerys Targaryen said before Jaime killed him."He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours: Burn them all," Jaime says.The Dothraki continue on their trek. Jorah explains most of the Dothraki slaves are given as gift by cities they conquer. Daenerys sees a Dorthraki whack a slave and commands the entire horde to stop. Jorah says she's learning to talk like a Khalessi.She walks into the woods, but Viserys tracks her down, fuming at her for giving commands. He takes out his sword and tells her he gives the commands.Suddenly, there's a lasso around his neck and a kahl has him choking on the ground. Her subjects ask her what to do with her brother and she commands that he be let go.Viserys gets up incensed and commands Jorah to kill the man who attacked him, but he looks at Daenerys and suggests they return to the hordes.Viserys is left there, commanded to walk.Jon Snow rides an elevator-like contraption up to the top of the great Wall. It's freezing and desolate.
He finds Benjen Stark, his uncle.They survey the impressive landscape below. Benjen announces he's leaving. As the First Ranger he has to go beyond the Wall and investigate "disturbing reports." He tells Jon he can't go because he's not a Ranger yet.Tyrion shares drinks with the man responsible for bringing recruits to the Wall. Benjen interrupts and takes affront at Tyrion taking the Wall work lightly.Tyrion says he admires Benjen, but he doesn't believe in the stories of giants and White Walkers beyond the Wall. Benjen says Tyrion has never been north of the wall, so he has no right to talk.Tyrion suggests he and the recruiter share the road back to King's Landing.Daenerys practices her Dorthraki. Her lady in waiting notices her body looks different. Daenerys is pregnant.Jorah talks with the khal who took on Viserys earlier, they share war stories.Daenerys' lady in waiting comes in and announces the Khalessi wants to eat something different for dinner. She tells them Daenerys is pregnant.Jorah announces he has to go give someone the news.At the Wall, Tyrion watches approvingly as Jon Snow teaches his fellow Wall fighters some moves.Tyrion hears the Wall doesn't have enough resources to defend against the north. They want him to tell Cersei they need help. They're worried that winter is coming.Daenerys lies in bed with Khal Drogo and tells him it's a boy. She's sure.Jon Snow asks Tyrion to tell Bran he misses him.Arya arrives for her sword lesson. Her teacher calls her "boy" and corrects her posture and grip.
He takes her seriously and talks about how to sword fight. He challenges her to strike him.She lunges and flails, but he fends her off. She keeps at it.Ned watches approvingly, and then starts to imagine real swords and becomes alarmed with foreboding.
