Castle Black at night, wolves howl in the distance. Jon Snow lies lifeless in the snow and blood. Davos notices and runs to the body. A few loyal Night's Watch carry him inside, place him on a table. Eddison Tollert suspects Alliser Thorne. Melisandre comes to see the body and appears puzzled. In the Main Hall Ser Alliser takes responsibility to an angry group and says he was being loyal to the Watch, but Snow was wrong to bring in the Wildings. In the other room the small group plan a fight. Davos hints to Eddison there are others who owe Jon Snow their lives. Ramsay Bolton is sad to see his bedmate Myranda dead, he vows vengeance for her but tells the Maester to feed her body to his dogs. Roose Bolton congratulates Ramsay for his command in the battle, but suggests it wasn't a great victory as the Baratheon army was in poor shape. Roose urges Ramsay to find Sansa and produce an heir, meanwhile his own wife Walda Frey is carrying a boy.Theon leads Sansa into an icy stream as baying hounds get closer. Downstream they get back on dry land and take shelter by a large uprooted tree. The hug each other for warmth. The hounds close in again, Theon says he will protect her. A group of Bolton horsemen and dogs arrive and surround the two. Brienne enters at the gallop and cuts down the soldiers. Podrick manages to hold his own and Theon makes sure there are no survivors. Brienne kneels before Sansa and offers her life. Sansa accepts and pledges her honour in return.A ship arrives in King's Landing. Cersei is happy to think Myrcella is arriving from Dorne. As the launch comes to shore she sees a silent Jaime and a draped coffin. Later Jaime tries to comfort a distraught Cersei. Cersei says it was prophesized long ago, Jaime wants to live for today, the future is in their control.Septa Unella reads scripture to Margaery in a cell and demands she confess. The High Sparrow enters and more calmly asks that she confess her sins before she can see Loras. Margaery is left deep in thought. In Dorne, Elaria Sand helps a weak Doran Martell to his garden chair. He gets a note that Myrcella is dead, suddenly the Sand Vipers kill his big guard and Elaria stabs Doran to death sneering at his weakness and his weak son.On a ship in Backwater Bay, Trystan Martell paints a stone. Two Sand Vipers come in and challenge the young man. He attempts to defend himself but is killed quickly.In Mereen Tyrion and Varys stroll the streets and banter. They come across a preacher and note the City is paralyzed with fear. Bells ring and people shout and run. The two go to the harbour and see Dany's invasion fleet in flames.Daario and Jorah find remains of a dragon's meal. The two chat and look forward to Dany's rule. Jorah checks his forearm, the greyscale is spreading. They find the trampled ground of a Dothraki horde. At the centre, Jorah finds the ring Daenerys dropped.In the barrens, the horde walks and rides. Daenerys is bound like a prisoner and walks beside two foul-mouthed horsemen. At the campsite, she is brought to Khal Moro. She is defiant and speaks in their language announcing her titles. Once she mentions she was wife to Khal Drogo then Moro backs off and cuts her bonds. Although it is forbidden to have sex with the widow of a Khal, her place is in Vaes Dothrak , in the temple of the Dosh Khaleesi.Arya is a blind beggar in the streets of Braavos. She gets a few coins in her bowl. The Waif comes to taunt her, throws her a stick and challenges her to a fight. The Waif shows no mercy and beats Arya senseless, and promises more the next day.Back in Castle Black Ser Alliser demands entry to the room holding Jon's body. He offers amnesty and free passage to Davos to go south. Davos is polite but refuses to unlock the door, he warns the others they will be slaughtered. Davis suggests the Red Woman can do something.In her room, Melisandre removes her ruby necklace and transforms into a wizened hag. She ponders her nude appearance in a mirror, then goes to bed.
