Craster brings Jon Snow to Mormont after catching him spying on him in the woods. Jon Snow tells Mormont what he saw, but Mormont already knows about the practice of sacrificing the boys.Snow tells him he saw something take the child."Whatever it was, I dare say you'll see it again," Mormont tells him.
He plans for his men to leave at dawn.Samwell packs up their things. He sees Gilly and goes to say good-bye. He wants to give her something his mother gave him, the only thing he has of hers. He asks Gilly to keep it safe until he comes back.At Winterfell, Bran tells Maester Luwin about his recurring dream, where he's running through the forest like a direwolf, with the taste of blood in his mouth.Luwin tells Bran it's just a dream. But Bran thinks his are true, including the one about his father dying. Luwin assures him the days of such things have passed.StormlandsCatelyn Stark pays a visit to Renly Baratheon, who is overseeing a fight along with his queen, Margaery of House Tyrell. Brienne of Tarth beats Loras Tyrell, Margaery's brother and Renly's lover. She asks to be a member of the King's Guard and Renly grants her request.Catelyn stark arrives. Renly offers his condolences and promises to kill Joffrey when he takes King's Landing.Loras, after losing his melee with Brienne, gets pouty and complains that Catelyn was sent to treat with them instead of Robb. "My son is fighting a war, not playing at one," Catelyn snipes at him.Balon Greyjoy lays out his battle plans. He thinks the North is ripe for the taking, including Winterfell. Yara gets 30 ships to lead and Theon gets one.Theon suggests forming an alliance with the North insead. Balon reminds them they take what is theirs and tells Theon his time with the wolves has made him weak.Theon reminds his father that he's the one who gave him away.Tyrion's conquest Shae gets impatient with hanging out in their quarters all the time. He tells her Cersei is looking for any weakness of his to exploit.Over dinner, Princess Myrcella asks Sansa when she and Joffrey will be married. Cersei says after the fighting is over. Prince Tommen asks if Joffrey is going to kill Sansa's brother. Cersei says she doesn't know, but she's sure Sansa will do her duty if that happens.Shae reports to Sansa's chamber as her new chamber maid. Shae doesn't exactly know what is expected of her, so Sansa barks at her.Tyrion pays a visit to Maester Pycelle, telling him new alliances must be formed. He says he's brokering an alliance with house Martell, for Princess Myrcella to wed their son in Dorne. Tyrion lays out the same plan to Lord Varys, except this time she's to marry Theon Greyjoy.To Petyr Baelish, it's Robin Arryn of the Vale. He stresses secrecy to each, "the queen musn't know".Renly makes out with Loras. Loras is still pouty and complains about Brienne being made member of the King's Guard. He warns Renly he needs to be careful with his war plans.Renly swaps out Tyrells, trading Loras for Margaery, who he is much less interested in. She asks if her brother should come in and "get him started". She tells him there's no need to play games. She says the best way to defeat his enemies is to get her pregnant, whatever it takes.Cersei confronts Tyrion, angry at him for planning to send Myrcella off to Dorne (Pycelle's version).Theon reads over his letter to Robb, telling him his father rejected the offer. After considering it, he decides to burn it.Theon undergoes a ceremony consecrating his faith to the Drowned God as his father and sister look on.Petyr confronts Tyrion over his ruse. Tyrion glibly apologizes and tells him he's the centerpiece of his next ruse. He wants to get Jaime back.Tyrion confronts Pycelle. Pycelle says everything he's done was for the family. Tyrion asks Pycelle how many Hands he's betrayed. Pycelle says Lord Arryn knew the truth about Cersei and Jaime, but did nothing because he's always served the house of Lannister. Tyrion has him thrown in a dungeon.Lord Varys compliments Tyrion on his ploy.Arya polishes her sword in camp. Yoren joins her among all the sleeping men. She asks how he's able to sleep with the things he's seen. She can't stop picturing the scene of her dad losing his head, even though she didn't see the actual deed.He tells her about seeing his brother killed when they were young and years later, killing the man who murdered him. He's been on the Wall ever since.There's a sound as they hear Lannister soldiers approaching, led by Amory Lorch. Arya and Gendry hide. A soldier announces they're there for Gendry in the name of King Joffrey. Yoren says no and they shoot an arrow at him. He gets up and fights off ten men, finally falling as Arya watches in horror as Amory stabs Yoren in the back with his sword.Arya is running when the men in cages call for her help. They're in danger of being burned. Fighting rages around her and she hands them an axe to free themselves. Gendry is out fighting with the other men.Arya is running for her life and runs into a soldier who takes her sword Needle. They round up the survivors to take them back to King's Landing, but not before a soldier slits the throat of a wounded boy (Lommy), who can't walk.Again, the solder asks for Gendry, who is among those captured. Arya assesses the situation then announces that they already killed Gendry, motioning towards Lommy, dead near Gendry's bull helmet.
