S7 E6The Snow party marches and Tormund jokes about life in the Wilds. Gendry whinges about his sale to the Red Witch. Jon and Jorah chat, Jon offers the sword Longclaw, Jorah refuses to take it.At a snowy Winterfell Arya and Sansa reminisce about their father Ned. Arya accuses Sansa of betrayal and shows the note Sansa wrote to Robb years ago asking for his surrender. Sansa counters and states she was the one who won back Winterfell. Arya threatens to show the note to the Lords of the North.Back on the hike Tormund teases Cleghane, they talk of Brienne of Tarth. Dondarrion and Jon chat about their resurrections, and the reason why. They approach an Arrowhead shaped mountain ( similar to The Matterhorn).Tyrion and Daenerys chat about Jon and Cersei. They need a strategy for the upcoming meeting. Tyrion urges caution and no impulsive acts, he also brings up a succession plan, Dany cuts him short.In a blizzard a bear with blue eyes attacks, the squad. Dondarrion lights it on fire, the burning bear goes for a transfixed Hound, Thoros jumps in front but is mauled. The bear is killed, Thoros' wounds are cauterizedLittlefinger counsels Sansa, they discuss Arya. Baelish suggests Brienne can help.Tormund and Jon see a group of zombies in a canyon, they attack them, Jon kills the white walker leader and all except one crumble to dust. The wight screams out and as a larger mass approaches the humans takes shelter on an island rock. Gendry was sent back to EastWatch to get help, he runs and reaches the Gate. Davos calls for a Maester to send a raven.At the frozen lake a huge army of wights surrounds the island, kept back by thin ice. Thoros dies, they burn his body. The see the Night King watching on high, Beric Dondarion says they need to kill him.Sansa receives an invitation to King's Landing, she decides to send Brienne. The Knight from Tarth is worried about Littlefinger but Sansa dismisses her.Daenerys prepares to ride north, Tyrion says it is too dangerous, but she flies away with all three dragons.The Hound throws rocks at the zombies, one lands on the solid ice, the attack begins. The humans fight at close quarters and save each other, Jon orders a fallback. Things look desperate, then the dragons arrive breathing fire. Dany lands to pick up the men, Jon stays last. The Night King throws a blue lance and kills a dragon. Jon stares down the Night King, then is dragged underwater. Dany takes off and another lance just misses Drogon.Jon crawls out of the water but is freezing, as another swarm of wights approaches a rider with a flaming flail saves him. It is Benjen Stark, he gives his horse to Jon and buys time until he is swarmed.At EastWatch Dany waits, they prepare to sail back with the wight. Tormund and Cleghane are cheerful buddies. Jon staggers in on the horse, as Davos strips the frozen robes Dany sees his chest scars.Sansa finds Arya's mask pouch. Arya explains they are from her training. Arya tries to question her sister, then menaces her with a knife.On the ship Jon apologizes to Dany for the mission, but she said she had to see to believe. She vows they will fight together, he seems prepared to bend a knee.Back at the frozen lake the zombies drag the dead dragon out. The Night King touches the head and a large blue eye opens.
