"Game of Thrones" - "Breaker of Chains" - April 20, 2014We pick up right where we left off with Cersei screaming at the guards to seize Tyrion as ponders she leans over Joffrey's dead body. Sansa runs off with the Fool. Cersei asksTywin where she is. Tywin says to bar the gates and that no one leaves the capital. But the Fool already has a rowboat waiting and he rows her out to a ship shrouded in the mist. She climbs aboard and is greeted by Littlefinger, who promptly kills the Fool, takes the necklace that was supposedly from his grandmother options. from Sansa's neck and drops it on his dead body in the rowboat. He notes that money buys silence for a time but a bolt to the heart buys it forever. He tells her she is safe now, especially since her fleeing will make her look even more guilty.Margaery is worried that she's not really queen now. Olenna says since they didn't consummate it makes it complicated. Margaery recalls the horror of Joffrey's death. Olenna recalls looking at her dead husband's body. Margaery notes her first husband preferred the company of men and her second was a sadistic jerk and they're both dead so she must be cursed. Olenna says that her circumstances have improved markedly and that Margaery might not have enjoyed watching him die but it was better than it would've been living with him. She says she did wonderful work on Joffrey and the next one will be easier.Cersei and her second, younger son, Tommen, survey Joffrey's body lying in state. Now, this boy, will be king. Tywin asks extends Tommen what is the most important quality a king should have. Tommen tries holiness, justice, and strength and Tywin shoots them all down for various, good reasons. When he gets to wisdom, Tywin says he's hit upon the key. He clearly likes the boy. Even Cersei seems impressed by him.Tywin points out it is the wise king who knows what he knows and what he doesn't and he heeds his councilours until he comes of age. He says Joffrey was not a wise or good king or else he'd still be alive. Tywin asks him if he knows about needing to be married and furthering the line. They walk out talking birds and bees.Jaime enters and tells Tommen he will make sure he's okay. Jaime asks the guards and priests to give Cersei time alone with her son. Jaime approaches her, and him. She says it was Tyrion, he told her he would hurt her one day. Jaime says there will be a trial. She doesn't want a trial she wants Jaime to avenge their son and kill Tyrion before he can squirm to freedom. She breaks down into tears. He kisses and holds her. And then it takes a turn to sexual. And at first she seems to resist and pulls away. Then he calls her hateful and grabs her and forces himself on her and she's definitely resisting and then she seems into it and then she doesn't and it's all very weird and rapey right next to the body of their dead son.Arya and the Hound are still making their way to the Eerie. Arya's worried they're going the wrong way. He says he's in a hurry to sell her and be on his way. She wonders where. He says across the Narrow Sea to work as a sellsword. A man and his young daughter notice them watering their horses and say it's their land. Arya says to forgive her "father" and tells a sob story of her mother dying and her father was never the same. They say he fought for the Tullys of RiverRun. This is the right answer. The man offers his barn as a shelter and says his young daughter makes great rabbit stew. They eat. The man tries to convince the Hound to stay on until the new moon and work for cash and guard them from thieves. He offers them fair wages for fair work. He accepts but then instead the Hound robs him and they take off. Arya is mad. The Hound says since the man is weak, they'll both be dead come winter and that dead men don't need silver. Arya is still upset and the Hound says he simply understands how the game is played. He wonders how many Starks have to be beheaded before she figures it out.Back at Castle Black, Sam sits with Gilly. Other Crows are mocking him for saying he killed a White Walker since Gilly is the only one who saw it and she's just a wildling. His thoughts then turn to the idea of 100 men laying awake at night thinking about the one woman in their midst. She says no one is bothering her beyond looks and jokes and no one is touching her. She asks if he thinks about her at night. He ignores this and says says he worries about her. She thanks him. He says he doesn't know if she's safe since some of the Crows were thieves and rapers before they came here. He says maybe she'd be safer in town. She worries that he's bored of her. He is not, he wants to protect her. It makes her sad that he wants to send her away.Davos goes to see Stannis who has him read a scroll with the news of Joffrey's death. Stannis is mad that he foretold this with his mumbo jumbo spell but then Davos let the Robert Baratheon's bastard get away and he's now powerless to seize the opportunity of Joffrey's death. Stannis asks after army Davos is supposed to be building and Davos hasn't raised much of one. He lists the few groups he's enlisted and Stannis says that's not enough men to raid a pantry. Davos talks about hiring sellswords. Stannis against this but wants to get moving. He doesn't want to be a page in someone else's history book.Davos goes to visit the Princess and get his literacy lesson, to keep him from saying ka-nigget instead of knight when he reads out loud. She tells him not to move his lips as he looks at the book. It's an adventure book olive branch. which gets them to talking about pirates. She says she thought he was a pirate. He says he was never a pirate, but a smuggler and if you're a famous smuggler you're not doing it right. As he's talking with her about distinctions like that he has an epiphany and gives her a kiss on the forehead and asks her to write a message to the officers of the Iron Bank from Stannis the one true king of Westeros. He clearly has a plan.Sam takes Gilly and the baby to a nearby town. A gross woman approaches her and the baby and realizes she's a wildling and mocks and threatens her. Sam tells the tavern/whorehouse owner that Gilly can clean and cook and look after other's babies in exchange for room and board. The madame/owner offers "other" work and a piece of said work to Sam and he says no, no whoring for Gilly. The place is awful, dirty, broken down and subsequently she understandably does not like it. He says she'll be safer here. She says he protected her north of the wall. He says he can't stab his brother Crows in the back like he did the White Walker or run away like they did from Craster. She says this is what's best for him. He's sad that she's sad but he leaves.We close in on an orgy, several women are working on Illaria and each other an she turns to kiss Oberyn and his young boy, who never acquired the taste for women. The boy and Oberyn talk about bisexuality. Oberyn says everybody is missing half the world's pleasures and when it comes to war he fights for Dorne and when it comes to love he doesn't choose sides. They talk about sex some more and Illaria notes that as a Prince of Dorne men and women will be lining up to sleep with Oberyn until he is dead. He says they will all have to lineup behind her. Tywin interrupts the orgy and asks for the room. The two girls and boy leave.Oberyn cheekily offers him a seat on the the bed to him.. Tywin declines. Oberyn offers his condolences on Joffrey. Tywin heard Oberyn studied poisons and was seen talking to Tyrion. Suspicious, no? He asks what Tyrion and Oberyn discussed and he said his dead sister, whose death was Tywin's call he thinks since he gave the Mountain an order. Tywin notes that he is here now, unarmed and unguarded. Oberyn says he knows better than to attack him here, now, like this. Oberyn would like to speak to the Mountain. Tywin says he could arrange it. But, quid pro quo. He wants Oberyn to be the third judge in Tyrion's trial alongside himself and Mace Tyrell. He notes when the Tyrell's joined up with the Lannisters, Margaery got to be queen. Tywin then invites on to the small council to serve as the new king's advisor. Oberyn says he never knew Tywin had such respect for Dorne. Tywin lays it all out saying that Stannis brewing rebellion, the Greyjoys are mad, and Dany's got three dragons and is on the way and that only the Dornish resisted the dragons in the past. Oberyn notes it must be hard for Tywin to say he needs him. Tywin says they need each other ad that if he helps him serve justice to king's assassins, he'll help him serve justice to his sister's murderer.Podrick goes to visit Tyrion in his jail cell and informs him that he will stand trial in a fortnight for murdering Joffrey. Pod doesn't think he did it. Tyrion says if he didn't plan to murder the king, he wouldn't standing there gawking when the king died. He asks about the judges and Pod tells him Tywin, MaceTyrell, and Prince Oberyn. Tyrion gives Tywin credit for taking advantage of a family tragedy and enlisting Oberyn. He says he'll call Sansa as a witness. Pod says she's gone and wonders if Sansa did it. Tyrion says no one had more cause than Sansa but she's no assassin and whoever did it wanted Tyrion to take the fall. He theorizes that maybe it was Tywin since Tommen is easier to handle. He says the only thing he knows for certain is it was not Cersei, which makes it unique among King's Landing murders. Pod says he's not allowed to see Bron, and the authorities are investigating him. Tyrion asks to see Jaime. As he's leaving Pod, shamefacedly, confesses that a man came to him and said if he testified against Tyrion he would be made a Ser. Pod says he won't do it. Tyrion gets mad at him and notes that this man wasn't giving Pod a "choice" and that he doesn't want him to die on his behalf. Tyrion says he's giving him an order and to get out of King's Landing before it's too late and this is farewell. He tells Pod that there has never lived a more loyal squire.The wildlings are on the move. They overrun a small village indiscriminately killing people. A Thenn grabs a boy and asks if he knows how to get to Castle Black. He says yes. The Thenn forces the boy watch them kills his parents and notes that he's going to eat them and to go tell the Crows at Castle Black that they're on the way.He does. The Crows want to go after them. The Commander says the wildlings want to draw them out and pick them off a few at a time. The wise old man notes that they only have 100 men, including stewards and cooks and even him and they can't lose a single man. He says they have to remember their first responsibility: to keep watch over the wall. They ask Jon Snow what he thinks. He thinks the Wildlings will roll over everyone and everything for a 1000 miles before they reach an army that can take them. Just then the rangers return and report that the Wildlings have overtaken Craster. Jon Snow freaks. He tells them that he told Mance Rayder there were a 1000 men at Castle Black. The people at Craster's know that's not true and will give up how many there really are under torture so Mance will soon know. He notes that Mance has all he needs to crush them he just doesn't know it yet and when he does he'll throw his full strength at the Crows. Dany finally reaches Mereen. The doors to their city wall open. A single rider rides out and she is expected to send her own champion to fight him. The man dismounts and yells over to her and then pisses in her general direction trash talking her "army of men without men parts." Grey Worm volunteers to be her champion. She says he's her leader and needs him. And then Ser Jorah volunteers and she turns him down as her best friend and most trusted adviser. Then Daario offers and she lets him give it a go and she tells him to give this large audience a show as the entire city of Mereen appears perched on the city walls, watching and taunting them.Daario refuses a horse as the other man mounts up. He rides towards Daario who turns to wink at Khaleesi. He continues to ride, everybody gets nervous. Daario throws his sword at the horse. It falls the man falls off and Daario neatly slices his throat, easy peasy. The Mereenians shoot arrows just short of him. Daario pulls out his penis and pisses in their general direction. Khaleesi addresses the Mereenians and tells them her story of freeing slaves on her journey. The slaves are listening and the masters are looking nervous. Dany's army lines up cannons and she calls for them to fire. But they don't shoot ammo: they shoot loads of shackles. As they fall to the ground the slaves look at the unbound shackles-- just like the kind they're wearing-- and the seeds of a revolution are sown.
