The executioner's sword drips with Ned Stark's blood. The crowd cheers as he lifts the severed head. Arya looks away in the crowd and Yoren makes a point of calling her "boy" repeatedly as he takes her away. He cuts off her hair as he tells her they're going North.At Winterfell, Bran follows the three-eyed raven again. He walks in his dream. He tells the wildling Osha about his dream and that he followed the raven down into the crypt. She carries him on her shoulders and he takes her on a tour, pointing out his grandfather, who was burned alive by the Mad King Aerys Targaryen, and Lyanna, who was supposed to marry Robert but was kidnapped by Rhaegar Targaryen. Robert started a war to get her back, but she died anyway.He shows her the place where he saw their father. They're startled by his younger brother who says he also saw their father down there last night in his dreams.
She tries to reassure him it was only a dream, but when they see Maester Luwin they can tell the news is bad.Catelyn Stark walks stoically through camp after hearing of her husband's execution. She collapses against a tree and cries. She finds Robb hacking away violently on a tree, tears streaming down his face. He vows to kill them all. Catelyn agrees they will, as soon as they get his sisters back.Sansa Stark listens to a dirty ditty about King Robert sung by a man in court. King Joffrey disapproves and, after playing a cruel game with him, orders the man's tongue cut out. Sansa watches in horror. She keeps it together as a cheery Joffrey comes to talk to her."As soon as you've had your blood, I'll put a son in you," he tells her. Outside the castle keep, he forces her to look at her father's severed head on a pike on the wall. She begs to go home, but he only forces her to stare instead.He points out her dead Septa too and promises to present her with her brother's head someday. When she says she'd prefer her brother give her Joffrey's, the brat king orders his man to hit her since it is not the custom of the King to strike his woman.Sansa contemplates pushing Joffrey off a ledge. The Hound advises her to save herself some pain and do what Joffrey wants.Robb and his bannermen debate who should be King, Renly or Stannis Baratheon. One suggests Robb instead, as the King of the North. One by one the bannermen pledge their fealty to Robb.Later, Catelyn pays a visit to Jaime Lannister, who they have tied to a post. He tells her widowhood becomes her. "Your bed must be lonely, is that why you came?" he asks, and continues to sweet talk her. She bashes him in the face with a rock.He claims to not fear death. She asks him how Bran fell. He admits that he pushed him. "I hoped the fall would kill him," he says. She asks why, but he only suggests she get some sleep. "It's going to be a long war," he says.Cersei reads a letter and orders her naked young cousin Lancel to wait for her in bed.Tywin Lannister's men debate what to do next. His dwarf son Tyrion suggests peace is impossible since Joffrey had Ned killed. Tywin says Tyrion is right and now they can't make peace with Robb and have to deal with Robert's brothers."I always thought you were a stunted fool. Perhaps I was wrong," Tywin says.
"Half wrong," says Tyrion.Tywin wants Tyrion to go to Kings Landing to serve as hand of the King to get Joffrey to fall in line. Tyrion is surprised at the assignment, but Tywin says it's because he's his son. But he tells Tyrion he can't bring his "whore" with him.Daenerys wakes up after giving birth. Ser Jorah has to break the news to her that her son died. Mirri Maz Duur, the captive maegi, says the infant was monstrous with scales and small wings. She reminds Daenerys she warned her only death can buy life. Daenerys goes to see Drogo. She finds that the Dothraki have left to follow a stronger Khal.When she sees Drogo, he's catatonic.Mirri tells her Drogo burned her temple and three of the riders had already raped her when Daenerys "saved" her. She doesn't apologize for what she has left Daenerys with and says that her son only would have brought more pain and pillaging.At the Wall, Sam tries to talk Jon Snow out of leaving, reminding him what happens to deserters. Snow rides off, followed by his direwolf.Tyrion explains to Shae, the whore, that his father said she can't go. But then, he says, his father has always been a (c-word). He invites Shae to come with him.Jon rides away from Castle Black, followed by riders. He stops when he hears who's following him. It's Sam and his friends, coming to get him so he doesn't break his oath. They remind him of his vow, reciting it for him.Daenerys tends to Drogo in her tent, talking to him even though he doesn't respond. She urges him to fight. She tells him he'll return when the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, he'll return to her. She cries and kisses him. Then she gently puts a pillow over his face and lovingly smothers her husband.Maester Pycelle talks to someone unseen about the many many Kings he's served. Aerys Targaryen was a good man before madness took him, he says. Roz washes up as he says Joffrey is stern and he senses true greatness on the horizon for him.After Roz leaves, Pycelle gets up and does some spry squats and stretches then gets dressed and goes back to his stooped shuffle.Varys finds Petyr staring at the throne. They admire each other's abilities to ingratiate themselves with royalty.They bow as Joffrey arrives.Yoren drills Arya on her new identity: Arry the orphan boy. She runs into two boys who hassle her for her sword. She gets knocked down and appears to cower, but then she draws her sword and stares one down, warning that she already killed one fat boy that day.She meets Gendry, an armorer's apprentice and King Robert's bastard son, who is also making the trip to the wall. They head out.At the Wall, Ser Mormont notices that Jon Snow looks exhausted and asks if his moonlight ride was that tiring. He knows."Honor made you leave, honor brought you back," Mormont says. Jon tries to explain that his Night's Watch brethren brought him back to which Mormont responds, "I didn't say it was your honor."Mormont says beyond the wall the rangers are finding villages abandoned and the tribes might be uniting in a secret stronghold. He reminds Jon that what happens at King's Landing doesn't matter in light of whatever is happening beyond the wall.
He wants Jon and his wolf to ride with him beyond the wall tomorrow night. The Rangers prepare to head out as Mormont speaks. "I'll not sit meekly by and wait for the snows. I want to find out what's happening. The Night's Watch will ride in force against the wildlings, the White Walkers and whatever else is out there. We will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead. I will command them myself, so I'll only ask them once, Lord Snow: Are you a brother of the Night's Watch or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?" Jon is then seen riding out beyond the Wall with the rest of the Night's Watch.Drogo's body sits on a funeral pyre, waiting to be lit. Daenerys commands that her dragon eggs be left with him, even though she could sell them for a fortune. Ser Jorah tells her he knows what she intends and he won't stand by as she climbs on the pyre."Is that what you think?" she says, and leans in to kiss him softly on the cheek.She addresses the few remaining people. She tells them she is freeing them. Those that want to go can, and those that stay will be free to be brothers and sisters, husbands and wives. She orders Jorah to tie Mirri to the pyre. She tells the rest that anyone who harms them will die screaming.The maegi chuckles and defiantly vows to not die screaming as she is led away.Daenerys delivers her statement:"I am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen of the blood of Valyria. I am the daughter of the dragon and I swear to you that those who will harm you will die screaming."As Jorah binds Mirri to the pyre, she counters: "You will not hear me scream!"Daenerys barely looks in her direction. "I will," she says dispassionately and with certainty. "But it is not your screams I want, only your life."The Khaleesi takes the torch and lights the pyre as Mirri begins a sing-song chant which turn to screams of agony and terror: "No no no"Daenerys calmly steps inside the ring of fire and continues walking toward the blazing pyre.The next day, dozens remain as the embers smolder.Ser Jorah approaches the pyre and finds Daenerys seated naked, befouled with soot, but unharmed, and holding something. Muted snarls are heard as a small dragon climbs up her back and stands erect on her right shoulder. It spreads his tiny red wings and emits a fearful and chilling shriek.Another is cradled in her lap and as she stands, a third at her feet makes its way up her outer left thigh.Ser Jorah bends to kneel with the oath: "Blood of my blood."Those remaining kneel to her, the blood of the dragon. She stands with a resolute and distant look in her eyes, and it is clear that this young widow is one with whom those who have wronged her will be forced to reckon.
