Sansa sews a garment and receives mail. She goes with Brienne and goes to meet Petyr Baelish in Molestown, close to Castle Black. Littlefinger offers the Knights of the Vale. Sansa is very bitter at being handed to Ramsay Bolton and hints at the abuse she received. Littlefinger apologizes and offers to do anything to make amends. He then adds that Blackfish has taken Riverrun and could be a future ally.Arya and the Waif spar with poles, once again Arya is on the losing end as the other girl has superior fighting skills. Jaqen observes and seems displeased. Once again he lectures her in the Hall of Faces, Jaqen gives her a second chance to complete an assignment, and gives her a vial of poison for the target, an actress.At an outdoor stage a play is underway, the show depicts the death of Robert Baratheon with Cersei. The Ned Stark character is depicted as a buffoon, Arya watches and scowls and is even sadder when the beheading is played out.Backstage after the show the actors laugh and joke. Arya enters and pays attention to Lady Crane, the lead actress, who prefers rum as her drink of choice. Arya then reports to Jaqen and seems puzzled why Crane is being targeted. She suspects the other younger actress is jealous and behind it, but Arya commits to completing the hit.Bran is in a trance. Inside the dreamworld he walks with the Three Eyed Raven and sees the Leaf and the Children plunge a dragon glass blade into a man and create a White Walker. He wakes and Leaf says they did it to defend themselves against Man.In the Iron Islands Yara tries to take over as Queen, but faces resistance. Theon steps up and tells the gathering Yara is the rightful Leader. Euron Grejoy, their uncle, now announces himself and claims the throne. Euron freely admits to killing Balon Greyjoy. The Greyjoys debate their claims. Euron makes a compelling case and wins over the assembly. They prepare a drowning ceremony while Yara and Theon get away. Euron recovers from his baptismal drowning and is crowned King, but his niece and nephews have left with most of the Ironfleet. Euron demands they start building 1000 ships.On a hillside Daenerys meets Daario and Jorah. Mormont shows the spreading greyscale disease on his arm. He tells Dany he loves her and says farewell. She sadly orders him to find a cure and heal himself then return to her side.Tyrion, Varys, Missandei and Greyworm discuss the seeming peace in Mereen. Tyrion stresses the need for some positive propaganda that Daenerys was the one responsible. Tyrion then meets a Red Witch. The witch agrees Daenerys is the rightful leader and will help make sure she is respected and obeyed. Varys points out another red witch mistakenly supported Stannis Baratheon, she agrees but hints that she knows how and when Varys was castrated. The eunuch is stunned.Bran awakes and tosses a pebble at the Three Eyed Raven, who remains asleep. Bran goes into his trance again and sees a winter world, a large army of zombies. He walks through their ranks up to a White Walker on horseback. The Night King touches Bran, he wakes screaming. The Raven says they are coming now and says it is time for Bran and Meera to leave, and time for Bran to become the Three Eyed Raven.Jon Snow, Davos, Tormund, Sansa and Brienne discuss their situation. They review the Houses of the North and realize most have gone to the Bolton side, and it will take some convincing to get the rest on their side. Sansa mentions the Blackfish will support them but doesn't mention meeting Littlefinger. Later Brienne expresses some distrust about Davos and wonders why Sansa lied about how she knew about Blackfish. Sansa gives Jon a furry cloak as they prepare to leave Castle Black.In the cave Meera feeds Hodor, suddenly she runs to the mouth, there the Night King and Army approach. Leaf tells Meera to get Bran and run. Bran and the Raven see the past. The Children try to fight the zombies with fireballs but they come on into the cave. Meera loads the entranced Bran in the sled as the zombies reach the wier tree. Through the dream Bran takes control of a teenage Hodor in the past and present. Meera kills a White Walker with a spear. Bran's wolf is killed by zombies. The Night King kills the Three Eyed Raven. Meera and Hodor flee with Bran deeper into the cave. Leaf is killed but takes out many zombies. Hodor opens a door to the outside, then holds the door shut to allow Meera and Bran more time to escape. Hodor dies crying out "hold the door...ho dor..."
