Season 7 Ep 1Walder Frey treats his male relatives to a feast, he recaps the Red Wedding then poisons them all with wine. Arya unmasks herself, leaves two girls as witnesses.A cloud comes over the land, the Night King, white walkers and zombies marching south.Brann sees the vision as he is pulled up to the Wall Gate, Bran greets Eddison Tollett and explains the Whitewalkers he saw at Hardhome are coming.Jon gives orders to find Dragonglass and start training all men and women from age 10 in combat. He sends Tormund and the Freefolk to the East Watch Castle. Sansa argues about the Karstark Castles, Jon overrules her. He gets an oath of loyalty from Ned and Alice Karstark. Later Jon tells Sansa not to question him in public. She urges him to be smarter, and listen to her advice.Cersei sends a raven message ordering him to King's Landing. Sansa warns him not to cross Cersei.Jaime and Cersei talk over a large map of Westeros. Cersei explains Daenerys and Tyrion are coming. Jaime thinks they will land at Dragonstone. Cersei says they are surrounded, Jaime says they need to work with the Tyrells, they need allies, and says they are the last of their family.An Armada approaches, the Ironborne have come to help Cersei. Euron Greyjoy has an audience with Cersei. He wants vengeance against Theon and His sister. They recount a past battle between their families, Greyjoy claims he doesn't mind the loss to the Lannisters. Euron wants to get married in return for the 1000 ships. Cersei says she doesn't trust him, he leaves saying he'll be back with a gift.Samwell Tarly is treated like a newbie at the Maester Citadel and given chamber pot duties. He notices a locked gate section of the library . He helps with an autopsy, and asks for access to the restricted books. Archmaester Marwyn finally believes him but reassures him the Wall has held everytime. At night Sam takes the keys and enters the restricted area.Brienne spars with Pod as Tormund watches. Baelish and Sansa talk, he wonders if she is happy. Brienne is suspicious of Baelish.Arya riding alone comes across a group of men (incl. Ed Sheeran) singing by a fire, she joins them. They chat in a friendly manner. Arya announces she is going to kill the Queen, the soldiers laugh.The Hound travels through snow with Beric Dondarrion and his men, they stop at a deserted inn. Cleghane is wary, but they enter. They find skeletons. Cleghane wonders why Beric has been resurrected, Beric is not sure why. They urge him to look into the fire to see answers, Cleghane sees the zombies coming to Castle Black. Later Sandor buries the dead people, Dondarrion realizes Cleghane knew them, this was the family Cleghane had taken the silver from in an earlier season.Sam is tired and reads an old manuscript he has taken home. He finds a reference to Dragonglass, then finds a map showing that under Dragonstone is a mountain of Dragonglass, and pens a note to Jon. On his rounds of a jail area a hand thrusts out of a cell and a voice asks if Daenerys has landed yet,Daenerys makes landfall beneath a great castle and kneels in the sand. She leads her troop to the front doors and walks in past the stone dragon heads. The Dragonstone castle is at the end of a long path up the cliff. They enter a deserted Throne Room. The map room left by Stannis Baratheon is in place.
