After the joust, Ned visits the dead body of Ser Hugh. He wonders who determined the uneven draw.He and Ser Bannister talk about their admiration for Ned's father.Ned is bothered that Hugh was a squire until a few months ago and was now wearing a fancy suit of armor. Where did he get the money to afford such finery?Ned visits King Robert trying to squeeze into his suit of armor. Robert taunts his squire cousin Lannister, sending him on a fool's errand to look for a "breast plate stretcher". Ned tries to explain to his king that anyone he jousts with will let him win.Robert explains Cersei made him take the young Lannister on as a squire. He's drunk, as usual, and Ned has to remind him to get dressed before he goes back out.At the next match, Ser Loras Tyrell, the effeminate Knight of the Flowers, presents one to Sansa but makes eyes at Lord Renly Baratheon (the king's brother). He's up against Ser Gregor, "the Mountain."
Sansa worries that the knight is toast.Instead, they race at each other and Loras wins, knocking the Mountain of a man down to everyone's surprise. Loras used a bit of trickery by riding a mare in heat which agitated the stallion that Gregor was on.Petyr makes a crack about Loras' being gay, but before that goes any further a very angry Gregor picks up his giant sword and cleanly beheads his losing horse.Then he goes after the man who beat him, but soon his brother The Hound steps in. They fight until the King calls a stop to it.Ser Loras Tyrell thanks him for saving his life and lifts the Hound's hand in victory.A tied-up Tyrion Lannister is brought before Catelyn Stark. They're not on the King's Road, to Westeros. He realizes they're going to the Vale, to her sister's. Tyrion says her sister is a bit "touched."Tyrion asks what kind of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade.They're interrupted by rocks flying out of the hills and an attacking horde.Catelyn and Tyrion duck for cover and she acquiesces to his request that she untie him. He's about to jump on a horse when he sees Lady Stark is about to be attacked. He steps in with a shield and whacks her attacker, knocking him down. He beats him senseless, pounding his face to a bloody pulp.When it is over only a handful of Lady Stark's people remain. One of them looks at Tyrion appreciatively and suggests that after a fight they need a woman. Tyrion glances at Catelyn and jokes "I'm willing if she is."At Winterfell, Bran practices his recitations of the Houses, their sigils and their words with Maester Luwin. He deliberately errs on the Lannister motto. Bran is hurt that his mother left.He watches Theon Greyjoy practice archery and wonders if he'll ever shoot again. Luwin says if he can ride a horse he should be able to fire arrows from the saddle too.Later, Theon enjoys the company of Ros, the best hooker in town... as he is seen having rough sex with her from behind. After they finish, he compares himself to Tyrion, then brags about the House of Greyjoy. The whore reminds him he's Ned Stark's ward because his father rebelled against King Robert.Varys the eunuch has a private moment with Ned, telling him the king is a "fool" and "doomed" unless Ned saves him. After a month, Varys finally trusts him. He says the King is at risk from the same thing that got to Jon Arryn, a clear tasteless poison. He says someone he trusted gave it to him. Ned guesses it was Ser Hugh. Ned asks who paid him and why, after Arryn had been the hand for 17 years. "He started asking questions," Varys says.Arya chases a cat down into the cellar and overhears Varys telling someone that Ned is getting closer to the truth. He mentions "the fools tried to kill his son," but botched it.
"We will be at war soon," Varys says.
The man he's talking to (Illyrio) suggests another hand could die, but Varys says Ned isn't like Arryn. Illyrio says Khal Drogo won't attack until his son is born.Varys slinks up on Petyr in the throne room. Petyr invites him to visit his brothel and they use the conversation to show off who knows more about various unnamed people's sexual peccadilloes. Who's got more intel and dirt.Varys lets Petyr know he has eyes on him. He mentions that it would be bad if word got out that he helped convince Ned that the Lannisters were behind the injury to Bran.He thinks he has the upper hand, but then Petyr mentions he saw him talking with Ned that morning and then later with a certain "foreign dignitary" (Illyrio... the man from the first episode with Daenerys and Viserys)."Of course you would have friends from across the Narrow Sea," Petyr says. He mentions vaguely how bad it would be if that word got out.They're interrupted by Lord Renly.Varys says there's disturbing news from far away. "Hadn't you heard?" he taunts.Arya follows the secret exit from the castle out onto the shore and back into the castle. Two guards think she's a beggar boy, but she threatens to turn them over to her dad.She tells Ned what she heard. She's not sure who said it but she thinks one was fat. She relays that they said he found the bastard and something about a savage and about the wolf fighting the lion.They're interrupted by a Night's Watchman, looking for recruits. He says he came for Benjen's sake and that the whole city will know by tomorrow.He wants to speak in private. He tells Ned that his wife has "taken the imp."Catelyn runs into Lady Arryn's guards. She identifies Tyrion as her prisoner and they head off to the Eyrie.Ned is summoned to see the king and the council; Robert has just learned Daenerys is pregnant. He wants her and her baby and her brother Viserys killed. Ned argues that would make them no better than the Mad King and questions where Varys got his information. He says Jorah Mormont told him. Ned mocks that the information came from a traitor. Ned isn't worried about the Dothraki crossing the Narrow Sea. King Robert is apoplectic. Maester Pycelle argues killing her might stave off war. The council is all for it, but Ned tells the king he won't do it. The King tells him to do as he commands or he'll find a Hand who will. Ned removes his sigil and resigns. The king bellows at him, running him off back to Winterfell.Back in his room, Ned packs furiously. Petyr visits, saying if Ned stick around until night he'll take him to see the last person Jon Arryn spoke with before he fell ill. Ned orders his daughters protected as he goes with Petyr.At Lady Lysa Arryn's, Tyrion and Catelyn try not to stare as Lysa, Jon Arryn's widow, nurses her much-too-old-for-nursing son, Robin. Lysa rants about all Lannisters being liars. Robin wants to see him "fly."Catelyn reminds her nutty sister that Tyrion is her prisoner. The men of the Vale take Tyrion to a dungeon that opens up to open sky and shows just how impossibly high up they are.Renly complains to his lover Loras that his brother the king doesn't consider him a man because he hasn't been to war. He thinks Robert will forgive Ned. He thinks killing Daenerys is the way to go. Renly thinks Robert became king because he was good at killing things. Loras suggests that Renly would make a better king, even though he doesn't love killing, because he does what is necessary, including killing, when it's best for the kingdom; the people love him because he cares for them.Cersei gloats to King Robert about Ned leaving. Robert worries about the Dorthraki crossing the sea. She reminds him Dothraki don't sail.
But he's still worried about their skilled, united army, and realizes their kingdom is only loosely united. He wonders what keeps their back-stabbing kingdom together.
"Our marriage," she suggests. They share a good laugh.
"How long can hate hold a thing together?" he asks.
"Well, 17 years is quite a long time," she says. Cersei asks what "she" was like, the first time she's ever asked. She says there's no harm Lyanna Stark's memory could do what they haven't done to each other already.
Robert responds with, "someone took her away from me and Seven Kingdoms couldn't fill the hole she left behind."
Cersei says she felt something for him once, before their first boy died. She asks if he feels the same. No.
But that doesn't make her feel anything.Ned meets with the mother of King Robert's illegitimate daughter. She says Jon Arryn only wanted to know if the baby was happy. Ned asks Petyr why Arryn tracked down all the king's bastards. He doesn't really have the answer.Jamie Lannister rides up outside the brothel. He asks Ned what happened to Tyrion. Ned says he was taken on his command. Jamie draws his sword. He orders Ned taken alive and his men killed. Jory fights Jaime, who draws a dagger and stabs him through the eye.
Jaime and Ned fight fiercely, Jaime gaining the upper-hand on the older Stark, until one of Jaime's men skewers Ned through the back of the leg. Frustrated Jaime responds by knocking his own man out."My brother, Lord Stark, I want him back," Jaime says and rides off.
