"Game of Thrones" - "Second Sons" - May 19, 2013Arya is about to do in a sleeping Hound with a rock but he's not sleeping and says "kill me and you're free but if I live I'll break both your hands." They mount up again and he tells her how he saved Sansa from rape and says that if she doesnt believe him, she can ask Sansa herself if she ever gets to see her sister again. As they ride, they come across a body of water. Arya asks him if thats the Black Water since she thinks he is taking her back to Kings Landing. But the Hound says No, f#*k Joffrey and f#*k the Queen. Hes taking her to the Twins because that is where her mother and brother will be and he believes that they'll pay him for her return. He tells her to quit trying to kill him because he's taking her to back to her family.The Khaleesi and her men observe the sell swords arriving at Yunkai. They are the Second Sons, she orders her Grey Worm to send a man to see if they would rather fight for the winning side. The three leaders of the Second Sons meet with them in the Khaleesi's tent. The leader taunts her like she's a whore but Dario, seems more reasonable and intelligent, noting that they have 8,000 Unsullied not 10,000. She tells the older guy to give her the Second Sons and she won't geld him,noting she has 8 thousand Unsullied and they only have 2 thousand Second Sons. They say they can't break their bond or they won't get another contract. She says they'll never need to have another contract if they work for her. She says she has as army and dragons. The Leader of the Second Sons tells Khaleesi that he will make her his whore. She gives them two days to decide. She tells Barristan if it comes to battle, to kill that guy first.Gendry and Melisandre arrive back at Dragonstone, she introduces him to Stannis. He gives him the onceover and determines he's half-Robert and half-lowborn. They spirit him away to chambers and a bath. Stannis wonders what she means to do with him. She says he knows what she is going to do (implying that she will sacrifice him since there is power in the Kings blood). He then asks her, if you are going to kill him, then why bother bathing and clothing him. She likens it to slaughtering a lamb and making sure the panic doesn't seep into the meat and "foul the flavor." Davos has made great progress in his reading. He's up to a picture book about the Targaryens. Stannis comes to visit. He says Davos doesn't belong in a place like this and apologizes for the loss of his son, a good and loyal lad. He gives him the news of Melisandre and Gendry and the upcoming sacrifice. Davos points out the boy is Stannis' nephew. He says they're at war and what of it. He notes Gendry has his blood. Stannis notes that Renly did too. Davos points out that Renly wronged him. Stannis protests that this is his destiny and he must do his duty and what's one bastard boy against a kingdom? Davos asks why he came to see him. He says he'll free him if never again raises a hand to Melisandre. Davos says he won't but he will think it and he thinks Stannis freed him at this moment to help protect the boy. He also says he thinks men make up Gods to protect their children. Stannis says that Melisandre showed him a vision of the future in a fire. He also knows that Davos witnessed her power too when she gave birth to smoke demon and asks him that once you've seen her power, how can you deny Melisandre's god is real?The Second Sons debate working for Khaleesi. They think they can slip past the Unsullied and simply kill her. They choose coins as to who will do the deed. Daario draws the coin that means he must kill Daenerys .Sansa is in her dressing room when Tyrion arrives. It is their wedding day. He asks Podrick and Shae to give them a moment alone. He explains that he didn't ask for this. He says she no longer needs to be a prisoner since she'll be his wife, a different kind of prison. He very sweetly tries to explain that they're both feeling weird about this but he promises that he won't ever hurt her. He asks if she drinks wine, she says when she has to. He says today she has to.Margaery tries to befriend Cersei, saying that they will be sisters soon. Cersei tells her a tale about ambitious climbers that came before her and how they clashed with Tywin and were slaughtered, the entire house. Cersei talks about their bodies hanging and rotting above Casterly Rock. Cersei tells Margaery if she ever calls her sister again she will have her strangled in her sleep.Sansa takes the long walk down the aisle when Joffrey walks up beside her to escort her to the front where she will give her wedding vows. Joffrey tells her that since he is the King, he is technically The Father of the Realm, and it is his job to give the bride away. Bronn smiles at her in the crowd. Margaery gives her an encouraging glance. Joffrey then takes away Tyrion's step-stool as a mean gesture so Tyrion can't properly "cloak" her as part of the ceremony. There are a few titters which Tywin immediately squashes. The priest gets down to business.Gendry wanders around his room and Melisandre comes in to fatten him up so to speak. They talk about how shocking coming into contact with real wealth. She was poor too. She gives him a drink. He's worried she's trying to poison him so she drinks it first. He has a drink and says it's good. She talks about how he still doesn't trust her and she wins him over and drinks more herself. She starts talking about how he has power inside of him that he doesn't understand and that she is here to birth it into the world. She starts taking off his clothes which he points out doesn't seem very religious. To who? She asks. She disrobes. She says death is coming for everyone and everything and that the two of them can stop it. She takes him to bed and mounts him and says let me show you what you have inside of you. And then she slips him inside of her. She ties up his hands and feet and drops leeches on him. He freaks out and she says not to worry that they won't take much. He asks what she's doing and she says there's power in king's blood. She puts a leech on his penis. She then picks them off as Stannis and Davros enter. Stannis drops them in the fire and says the names of Robb Stark, Joffrey Baratheon, and Bailon Greyjoy.Tyrion gets drunk at the reception. Olenna explains to Loras how they will all be related to Cersei, Joffrey, Tyrion and Sansa as step-siblings, aunts and nieces and brothers and in-laws once all the weddings are done. Sansa excuses herself from the drunken Tyrion. He looks woefully at Shae. Tywin comes over and reminds him that he needs to have a child soon and he can't be drunk and perform. Tyrion says no man can match him in drinking and lust. Tywin firmly reminds him of his duty. Tyrion raises a glass to an equally woeful looking Loras on the balcony. Loras goes to chat with Cersei. She makes it clear she cares not for what he might have to say.Joffrey meets Sansa on her walk and he taunts her about her dream come true to have a Lannister baby. He says maybe he'll pay a visit to her that night after her uncle passes out, whether she likes it or not. Joffrey drags her back in and says it's time for the "bedding" ceremony, in which the newlyweds are dragged to their wedding bed. Tyrion pushes back and threatens to cut off Joffrey's manhood. Joffery is enraged. Tywin steps in and Tyrion makes a joke out of it to save his skin. He stumbles around and grabs Sansa and talks about the time he threw up on a girl in the middle of the act and he will tell her all about it to put her in the mood. Once they get to their room he stumbles to the table and has another drink and tells her to call him Tyrion. He regards her neck as astoundingly long. He asks how old she is. 14 She says. He tells her he has been commanded to consummate the marriage. She has a big drink of her own. She heads to the bed and starts to take off her dress. He watches, apprehensively. He stops her and says he can't. He clarifies that he can but that he won't. She asks after Tywin. He says if Tywin wants to get effed he knows where he can start. Tyrion says he won't share her bed until she wants him too. She asks what if she never wants him to? He raises his glass and says "and so my watch begins." He stumbles over and passes out on a chaise.Dario of the Second Sons, slips into Khaleesi's camp. She is being bathed by her handmaiden, who it turns out knows 19 languages, reasonably well. Dario grabs her girl and puts a knife to her neck. She asks what he wants. He says her. She notes he was sent there to kill her but he says he doesn't want to and drops the heads of his cohorts in the Second Sons. He says her beauty meant more to him than it did to his buddies. He says he only does what he wants. She asks why she should trust a man who murdered his comrades. He notes he was told to murder her, he disagreed, they fought, he won. She stands up naked out of the bath and asks if he'll fight for her and asks him to swear to her. He says the Second Sons are hers as well as his heart.Shae arrives the next morning to feed Sansa and Tyrion. She slams things around and is rude to him. Shae sees that they did not sleep together --no blood on the sheets-- and is pleased.Sam and Gilly continue their long walk through the woods and come upon a shelter. He says they should stay for the night. He coos at the baby. Ravens seem to be gathering on a nearby Hearth tree that has a face on it. He can't build a fire. She says they can keep each other warm under the furs. Sam claims the baby winked at him. She says he probably blinked. He asks if she's thought of a name. She goes to build the fire. He goes through a list of boy's names. He explains the difference between birth names and surnames. She asks if his father was cruel like hers. He says a different manner of cruel. The birds start squawking very loudly outside. Sam goes to check on the ruckus. She tells him not to go out. He takes a torch and sword to go look. There are hundreds of crows in the trees screeching. He tells her to go back inside. The birds stop screeching. They see a figure, a White Walker. She says it has come for the baby. Sam holds his sword to it. The White Walker destroys the sword and throws Sam to the ground. The Walker keeps going for the baby, Sam stabs him in the back with the dragon glass dagger he found. The White Walker turns to ice and shatters to the ground. They run off being followed by the ravens.
