In Renly's camp, Catelyn tells Renly that Robb Stark has no interest in the Iron Throne. Renly says the Starks can have dominion over the North if they swear the same oath of fealty that Ned had done to Robert Baratheon. In return, Renly promises to defeat Stannis's army in the morning.Catelyn asks him again to try to negotiate a peace with Stannis. He won't hear it. He tells her to take his terms to Robb. There's a wind at the tent door and Melisandre's evil black spirit offspring with a resemblance to Stannis enters and stabs Renly in the back. He drops to the ground, dead.Guards rush in and, thinking Brienne did it, attack her. She fights them off and then collapses crying over his body.Catelyn tells her to leave, warning her that they'll hang her. "You can't avenge him if you're dead," she says. The two women take flight.At King's Landing the next morning, Loras and the Queen try to figure out what to do. Petyr warns them Stannis and his boats are near. They don't believe Brienne was responsible. Petyr and the Queen warn Loras that he can't avenge Renly if he's dead.The newly widowed Margaery tells Petyr she wants to be "the Queen."Cersei and Tyrion get the news. They worry about Stannis accumulating power. Cersei is still smarting over Tyrion's plans to send Princess Myrcella away to be married. Cersei says the King is planning their defense; but she won't tell Tyrion the details.Tyrion and his cousin Lancel secretly meet and Cercei's interim lover tells him they're making wildfire with a pyromancer and plan to launch it into Stannis's ships and armies.Davos tries to talk to Stannis about what he saw Melisandre "give birth" to in the cave. Stannis doesn't want to hear it.Stannis plans to sail to King's Landing after he's consolidated his troops. Davos worries about him bringing Melisandre with him. He mentions that some people think he's under her spell. Davos advises Stannis to shore up Renly's bannerman and head to King's Landing without Melisandre. He tells Davos to lead the attack to Back Bay, but takes Davos's advisory to heart -- Melisandre will not be going with him.At King's Landing Tyrion walks through the city and comes upon a man giving speeches to the crowd about the "rotten King." Tyrion thinks Joffrey is a lost cause. The man refers to Tyrion as a "demon monkey" -- people think he's pulling the king's strings.Theon Greyjoy awaits his crew. They're a rough lot. They're heading to the Stony Shore to rape and pillage and they're not inclined to listen to Theon. One man stares him down, saying he doesn't need a captain. Theon threatens to hunt him down for treason. His sister comes by to taunt him for his pathetic crew and assignment. She has 30 ships to his one, and with an undisciplined crew at that.The first mate tells him he'll have to earn their respect. Theon decides to take Stony Shore, which the Starks hold, and then hold it until they arrive to fight them off.In Harrenhal Arya waits on Tywin and his men as they talk about how Robb Stark, her brother, continues to outperform their expectations. Tywin asks Arya where she's from, then questions her on the sigil. She makes up a new lie when he catches that one. He asks what they say about Robb Stark in the North. She says they say he rides into battle on a dire wolf and can't be killed. He asks if she believes that."No, my lord, anyone can be killed," she wisely responds.She goes to get water but is intercepted by Jaqen H'ghar, one of the prisoners she freed and saved from the fire. He says he always knew she was a girl. He seems menacing, but tells her that a man pays his debts. They stole three deaths from the Red God when she saved him and his fellow prisoners and he says they have to pay them back. She can name any three and he'll kill them. She starts by naming the torturer.Jon Snow and the Night's Watch trek across the vast wintry expanse. Sam goes on about Gilly. There's nothing but snowy mountains as far as they can see. They see a group approaching.Tyrion examines a bowl of wildfire -- it can burn through wood, steel and flesh. Bronn worries about their own fighters handling it and flinging it accurately. The Pyromancer shows them his stash. It fills a vast room. They have 7,811 jars -- at Cersei's order. Bronn thinks it's a "s---" idea. Tyrion agrees, the contents of the room could destroy King's Landing."You won't be making wildfire for my sister anymore; you'll be making it for me," Tyrion says.In Qarth, Daenerys teaches one of her her baby dragons how to scorch his own food. She wears a beautiful gown given to her by Xaro, supposedly the richest man in Qarth, and the one who vouched for them. She suggests her handmaiden flirt up the other men to find out more about him.At a garden party hosted by Xaro, she has to tell her men not to steal the ornamentation. A man greets her on behalf of the warlocks of Qarth and invites her to a reception at the House of the Undying. A woman with her face obscured warns Jorah that Daenerys will need protecting.On the road, Brienne insists it was Stannis who killed Renly, but Catelyn thought it was a "shadow in the shape of a man." They're riding to Robb's camp to tell him what they saw, then Catelyn plans to return to Winterfell. Brienne offers to serve Catelyn, whom she says has "a woman's kind of courage." But she wants permission to kill Stannis when the time comes. Catelyn agrees. They swear vows to each other.Bran listens to requests from the villagers but they're interrupted by Ser Rodrik announcing a town is under attack 40 miles away. Bran doesn't hesitate in telling Rodrik to take the men he needs to defend them.Bran tells Osha that he dreamed the sea had come to Winterfell and the water flooded the castle. Ser Rodrik was one who drowned. The sea is hundreds of miles away. Osha seems disturbed by this and quickly leaves.Back out in the mountains, they see an encampment of Wildlings in the distance. A ranger named Qhorin Halfhand suggests leading a small group of rangers to attack it, and to try getting close to Mance Rayder, the King-beyond-the-Wall. Jon Snow wants in on it and Sam offers to take his steward duties while Jon's gone.In Qarth, Xaro asks Daenerys how long Ser Jorah has been in love with her. She denies it. She tells Xaro she wants to retake the Iron Throne and protect her people. She asks him why he let her in.He takes her down to an impenetrable vault door. He has the only key and offers her half of what's inside if she marries him. He promises to help her retake the Seven Kingdoms and tells her that Robert Baratheon is dead.Daenerys talks it over with Jorah, who's against it. He says he just wants to see her on the Iron Throne because she'd be a good ruler. He tells her to get one ship and sail to Westeros to make allies. He promises to find the ship and captain.In Harrenhal, Gendry is back to making swords. Arya watches, giving him the same fighting advice her father and her fencing master Syrio Forel had given her.They hear a scream and run to inspect. The chief torturer is dead in the courtyard of a broken neck. Jaqen H'ghar looks down from above, catching Arya's eye and making a sign. She approves.
