"Game of Thrones" - "Hardhome" - May 31, 2015Wow, you guys. Tonight was intense.Meereen: Dany, Jorah, TyrionTyrion and Jorah stand before the queen and she is practically vibrating with anger. She asks Tyrion why she should accept him into her service. He says he seeks to advise her and see if she deserves his service. She offers to send him back to the fighting pits. He then tells Dany's life story to her and how she had no power, wealth, lands or armies but how she came into them and how Varys told her that she was their best hope as a ruler. She asks his advice on Jorah. Tyrion speaks well of him mostly talking about how devoted he is, that he's probably in love with her, that yes, he did betray her, but he only seeks to serve her and a good queen doesn't inspire others to be devoted to her if she kills those who are. He says she should go on to rule but not with Jorah by her side. She tell the guards to take Jorah out of her city, sparing his life, but still crushing him emotionally. As he walks away he regards the greyscale growing on his arm.He goes back to the slaver and tells him the slaver can own him if he lets him fight before the queen in the pits.Later, after he's washed up and had some wine, Tyrion and Dany talk-- a little family history, Mad King, killed his dad, yada, yada-- still with the threat of her killing him hanging over him. He explains what Varys said to him about how she could be the best ruler. She announces that she isn't going to kill him but will instead take him on as an advisor. He explains how she has no support since there are no Starks or Targaryens, the Baratheons and Lannisters won't help, and maybe she'll have the Tyrells. She talks about the endless spinning of the wheel between the families. He says she can't stop the wheel. She says she doesn't plan on stopping it, she plans to break it.Winterfell: Sansa, Reek, the BoltonsReek brings Sansa her dinner and she confronts him about ratting her out. He says he was doing her a favor since Ramsay always finds out and would've punished her further. He explains how he transformed him from Theon into Reek. She says she's glad Ramsay did this to him and if she could do it all again she would do it to him too. He says he deserved everything he got for turning his back on Robb and taking Winterfell. But, he does finally admit that he didn't kill Bran and Rickon like she thought before he runs away. So Sansa now knows her brothers 'are alive.Meanwhile, Roose is talking with his generals and Ramsay about their war plans, which are basically to wait for Stannis to arrive at the fortified Winterfell, mow them down and let them starve and freeze. He sees Ramsay disagrees. Ramsay wants to take the fight to Stannis. Roose says this is foolhardy and besides their army couldn't make it through the snow anyway. Ramsay says he doesn't need an army, just 20 good men.Braavos: Arya, Ja'qen HaqarJa'qen is teaching Arya to become a new person, a spy of sorts. She is taking on the identity of "Lana," an orphan who sells oysters, clams, and cockles from a cart in the markets down by the canals. As we watch her recite her tale to him he taps her arm when she trips up or to make adjustments. We watch her go about her life in the market with the oysters and she waits on a wealthy, crotchety man upon whom Ja'qen wants her to spy for some reason, to serve the Many Faced God. The man seems mean and arbitrary. We learn he is a gambler who bets on the journeys of sailors. The people he screws pray to the Many Faced God and they take care of he people who do the screwing. He tells her to go back and case the gambler, stake out his habits, and then, essentially, poison him. The Many Faced God is all about vigilante justice apparently. Arya, of course with her vengeance list, smiles as she walks away with the vial. The girl who was mean to her before tells Ja'qen she doesn't think Arya is ready. Ja'qen says whether she is or not doesn't matter to the Many Faced God.King's Landing: CerseiCersei stews in her cell, all dirty and disheveled. A Silent Sister enters and whips a piece of bread at her and offers her a spoon full of food only if she confesses. Cersei reiterate that hers will be the last face the woman sees before she dies. The sister whacks her head with the spoon.Qyburn comes to visit and the news is not good. No word from Jamie and the King has taken to his bed and is not eating and no amount of cajoling can get him to come see her. Also, her Uncle Kevan is returning to serve as his hand until this mess is sorted out. Qyburn says there is a way out but Cersei, knowing this means confessing at or before the trial fornication, incest, treason, Robert's murder etc. She refuses to give the High Sparrow, who she put in power, the satisfaction of a confession. He tells her "the work continues" in his lab re: his crazy reanimation of the mountain.The Silent Sister returns again with water and she again reiterates her threat, after trying to bribe her first by offering her to make her a powerful woman. The sister pours the water on the floor and leaves her. Cersei desperately sucks at the floor.Castle Black: Gilly and SamShe tends to his wounds. He asks how she is. She says she's fine but admits she's a little scared. Ollie arrives with food. He asks him why Jon is trying to save the Wildlings, who killed his parents and his whole village. Sam says Wildlings are people, with both good and bad. Ollie wonders how they can trust them. Sam says he's seen the White Walkers and says they are coming for them and they will need every man they have, to fight them and sometimes men have to make hard choices, ones that look wrong at first but they know are right. He tells him to try not to worry, and says he's been worrying about Jon for years and he always comes back.Hardhome: Jon Snow, Tormund Giantsbane and a shitload of White WalkersWe cut to Jon and a bunch of men rowing ashore from the fleet of boats they borrowed from Stannis.The Wildlings of Hardhome await them on the shore.Very surprised to see Tormund Giantsbane with Crows.The leaders greet them. Jon announces they're allies. The leader of the Hardhome calls Tormund a traitor. Jon says they are not there to fight but to talk. Tormund kills the leader, making his point, and tells the others to gather the elders to talk.Jon explains what is happening and that he knows that they are not friends and never will be. It's about survival and putting the Wildlings behind the Wall to protect them and that together they can beat the White Walkers. They are beyond skeptical. He shows them the Dragonglass that they can use to kill the Walkers. He tells them they can settle on the lands south of the wall. He invokes the dreams of Mance Rayder and says he will let them settle if they swear to join him when the real war starts. They ask where Mance is. Jon explains about the arrow but Tormund explains it was in mercy given the situation. Jon beseeches them to think about their children: "The long night is coming, and the dead come with it." He says the Walkers are coming and none of them can stop them alone. They have to band together and still even then they might not win but at least they'll give them a fight. Tormund vouches for him and says he's a good fighter, a good leader, and they need each other. They trust Tormund and throw in with them, except the Thenns, who aren't impressed.The Wildlings start loading up to get on the ships. There are going to be at least 5,000 and many are still staying behind. Tormund says they'll come around when they begin starving.The Giant looks at the dragon glass. Edison is collecting it but lets the giant keep it.Suddenly, all the dogs start barking... and then, all hell breaks loose.An army of White Walkers and Wights descends on Hardhome and it is terrifying. They run to shut the gates and people are still outside them. Everyone inside the gates regards the onslaught mouths agape. And suddenly the Wights are at the gates, busting through.People start running for the rowboats to the ships overcrowding them.Inside the keep the Wights descend, like aliens from "Alien" and the fight is on. Arrows are flying, swords are swinging. Wights are screaming. Jon calls the Night's Watch to follow him and fight. They all do.They fight valiantly for awhile, a White Walker and Jon go toe to toe. Jon scrambles for the dragon glass but can't get to it. When he pulls his own sword he destroys the White Walker. So now we know Valyrian steel can destroy them.But one sword isn't enough as 1,000s are coming. Jon and Tormund and a few others outrun them to the boats and the Wights slaughter scores more. As they row away they look back towards the shore. The main White Walker (Night King) regards them and raises his arms to the side. As he does all of the Wildlings they killed open their eyes, they are ice blue. They are now Wights. They rise up again. Jon and the few other survivors in the boat are suitably freaked out as they float back to the ship, the Giant beside them, swatting off Wights.The long night has come and the dead have come with it.
