"Game of Thrones" - "And Now His Watch is Ended"- April 21, 2013Jaime rides his horse, ragged, with his hand attached to his neck as his captors taunt him. He falls off his horse into the mud face first. His captors trick him into drinking horse urine when he begs for water. Suddenly, he leaps up, seizes a sword with his remaining hand and tries to fight. He cannot fight with his left (remaining) hand and it shows. It is heartbreaking. They get him down and kick and abuse him. Brienne is incensed and tries to help but is helpless to do so.Later, Brienne tries to convince Jaime to eat so he can live to seek revenge. He, understandably is distraught, saying I WAS that hand. She tells him not to whine and cry and quit like a woman. She also points out that she knows that he told them Tarth was full of sapphires when it's really called that because of the sapphire blue of the sea. She asks why he helped her when their captors attacked her. He doesn't respond.Tyrion goes to see Varys to ask for help in proving that Cersei tried to kill him. Varys says he has no proof, only whispers. As they talk Varys is opening a large box and explaining to Tyrion how he came to be a eunuch. He tells him a sorcerer abducted him, cut him from "root to stem," burned his parts and when the flame turned blue the sorcerer called out and in the flame a voice answered call. He then discarded him. This is why Varys has always hated magic and those who practice it. He says his rise from from orphan in the slums to being a man of power in the small council chamber was a kind of symbolic revenge. Tyrion wants actual revenge and says he needs influence to do that. Varys responds that patience is the key to influence. Varys finally gets the box open and inside is the sorcerer, old, traumatized, and rightfully fearful of what Varys is about to do him. He tells Tyrion his actual revenge will indeed come, if he has stomach for it.Meanwhile, the members of the Nights Watch are literally shoveling shit at Crasters, out of his pig pens. They are cold, defeated, starving and on the verge of mutiny. Now that the confrontation of the Fist of the First Men went so badly they are starting to feel they need to start looking out for themselves. Sam goes to girl who recently had a son and she wants him to save babys life and says there's very little time.The men burn a body of a fellow Crow who died from hunger and rot. Back inside by the fire, after Craster, eating a healthy portion of meat, berates and taunts them and says he wants them gone, the mutiny is on. Lord Commander Mormont tries to stop them but they attack and kill Craster and Lord Commander himself. Sam goes for girl and her baby and they take off for the woods amidst the melee.Bran runs in his dream. Jojen Reed is there. In his dream, crawls up a high tree to the three-eyed raven. Suddenly, Catelyn is there on the branch yelling at him "No more climbing." He wakes up in a sweat by the fire with Jojen watching him.Ros and Varys gossip about how Podrick was extraordinary with the whores and that they wouldn't take his money. They couldn't explain what he did but that it was great. They chat about Littlefinger leaving for the Eyrie. Varys wonders if he's still interested in Sansa. Ros says he is and notes that he ordered two feathered beds for the boat for his journey, and we know he has told her he wanted to take her.Joffrey,Margaery, Cersei, and Lady Olenna take a stroll around the Great Sept of Baelor where the wedding will be held with Joffrey gleefully pointing out the various tombs of Targaryens to Margaery. She notes that severity is the price we pay for greatness. He agrees. Olenna and Cersei discuss how inane it is that men rule the world when women are often smarter. Cersei isn't taking the bait on this even though we know she agrees. Margaery softens up Joffrey. They hear the noise of a crowd outside and he looks nervous. She says if he gives them love they will return it a thousand fold. She points out that he led the defense of Kings Landing and that the people adore him. She leads him outside. Many of the people are calling Margaery's name, she waves she waves sweetly to them and encourages him to do the same and when he does they begin to call his name as well.Theon and his savior ride to meet his sister. He grumbles about how people like his father worried that he would become a Stark but that would never happen, not only because he was Iron born but because Robb Stark would never allow such a thing, just by being who he was. He expresses remorse of what he did at Winterfell, killing orphan boys and pretending they were Bran and Rickon to make his father proud. He realizes he chose wrong and burned everything down. His "savior" says "not everything." He claims he brought him to a place to meet his sister but instead he is brought him to back to the dungeon he freed him from before. The man then says that Theon escaped and killed the men chasing him down in the woods. Theon is strapped up again and tortured.Cersei sits in front of her always impatient father and asks Tywin what he's doing for Jaime. He points out that he's doing everything he can. She asks him if he ever considered that it was she who deserved his confidence and his trust, not Tyrion and Jaime, but her. She says that he should consider her while he prepares the Legacy he will leave. So he asks her to contribute. She points out that the Tyrells are a problem and that Margaery is manipulating Joffrey. Tywin thinks this is positive since she clearly doesn't know how to do it and that he rides roughshod over everyone in city. He tells her he doesn't consider he because she's a woman but because she's not as smart as she thinks. She tells him he needs to stop Joffrey from doing what he likes. He says he will.Varys goes to the garden to speak to Lady Olenna about Sansa since he believes they both have her best interests at heart. He talks about Littlefinger's ambitions and how he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes. He says Littlefinger needs money and lands and army. Right now he has the first two and if he has Sansa in his pocket he could have an army, because if Robb Stark falls, Sansa is the key to the north. She sees they do need a solution to this Littlefinger problem.Margaery goes to see Sansa and talks sweetly about how much she'd like them to be friends. In fact, she'd like more than that. She'd like Sansa to marry Loras, and then theyd be sisters and Sansa would rule over the Tyrell's beautiful home Highgarden. She asks if Sansa would like that? She sure would.The Brotherhood Without Banners take Arya, Gendry, and The Hound to a cave where Beric Dondarrion, their leader, is. The Hound calls them deserters. They essentially say they are men who have found God and they will mete out justice to the evil and those who prey on the weak like The Hound. They accuse him of murder. He says he never killed anyone that wasn't in the pursuit of protecting Joffrey. Arya says he is a murderer since The Hound killed his friend Mycah who didn't do anything to hurt Joffrey, it was her that had hurt him. The leader says he will have a trial by combat against the leader himself-- who has a patch over one eye-- and the Lord of Light will decide their fates.Danaerys goes to collect her army of the Unsullied. She pulls out one of her dragons and hands the leash to the evil slave trader, Kraznys. Instead of trading the dragon, she begins speaking in High Valyrian-- a more refined form of the same language Kraznys has been speaking (known as Low Valyrian), and insulting her in. He is aghast -- she has known all along what he was saying. She points out that she is "Danaerys Stormborn" and of the "Blood of Old Valyria" and High Valyrian is her mother tongue. She takes control of the Unsullied, and tells them to strike down all slave masters and soldiers, but to hurt no children. She says "drakharys" and the dragon sets fire to the slave trader. After they take their freedom, Dany asks if they will fight for her as free men. They will! And they're off!
