Ned wakes up to find Robert and Cersei standing over him as he convalesces from his leg wound from the assault by Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau)."Do you know what your wife has done?" Cersei says.He says Catelyn did as he commanded.Cersei and Ned argue. Robert referees between the two and says "Will both of you shut your mouths?"Cersei alleges Ned was coming back drunk from a brothel and Jaime only defended himself. Ned says Jaime slaughtered his men. He wants to track him down and bring him to justice.Robert says to Cersei, "Quiet woman." She says "I took you for a king." Robert says "Hold your tongue." She replies "He's attacked one of my brothers and abducted the other. I should wear the armor, and you the gown." Robert slaps her. She replies "I shall wear this like a badge of honor." He replies "Wear it in silence or I'll honor you again."After she leaves, Ned says if they do nothing there will be a war. Robert, ashamed that he allowed his wife to goad him into striking her, tells Ned to send a raven to Catelyn to tell her to free Tyrion.Ned wants Jaime to answer for killing his men, but Robert says he has to let it go because he's half a kingdom in debt to the Lannisters. He doesn't want to know what started everything between them.He considers Ned like a brother and gives him back the pin of the Hand. Robert's off to hunt, leaving Ned to sit on the throne. Robert still insists that Daenerys and her unborn child will die.In her tent, Daenerys lays her dragon egg on the fire. She lifts it out with her bare hands, reaching into the fire, unhurt. A servant touches the egg much more briefly - and IS burned.Bran follows a raven through Winterfell, walking after it with his bow. It has three eyes as before. He's woken up from the dream by someone bursting into his room with his new, specially crafted saddle.Robb and Theon Greyjoy watch him ride. Theon thinks Robb needs to avenge his father being wounded by Jaime; Robb shuts him down by reminding Theon it's not his house. They lose track of Bran.Out in the forest, Bran is approached by two wildlings and a deserter of the Night's Watch. They want Bran's horse and his silver. He tells them who he is and they talk about ransoming him.Robb finds them and kills one quickly with his sword. He gets a hold of the woman and is about to cut her throat when he sees the other man has Bran and is holding a knife to his throat.The man demands he release the woman. Bran tells him not to. As Robb is about to let the woman go, an arrow flies through the man's back. A stealthy Theon has struck him down.They see Bran was cut on the leg when he was cut out of his special saddle, but he says it doesn't hurt. Robb is upset Theon killed the man when Bran was in his line of fire, but Theon says he was just doing what needed to be done. They let the woman live, and she pledges to serve them.Tyrion wakes up in the aerie, perilously close to the edge. He yells for the guard, who comes and beats him in response to his bribe attempt.Arya tells Syrio (her "dancing instructor") she doesn't want to practice. She's upset that they killed Jory and that her father is injured. Syrio says upset is the right time to fight. He whacks her on the arm and pokes her in the chest with his wooden sword to provoke her. She fights back.Daenerys takes part in a pregnancy celebration ceremony that requires her to eat a whole horse heart. Her brother Viserys looks on and doesn't think she'll get through it.Jorah translates what the Dothraki are chanting, about a prince coming. They all think she's having a boy. Viserys sniffs that he won't be a true Targaryen.Daenerys convulses and bends over, fighting off the urge to vomit. The room falls silent and waits to see if she's going to keep it down.She pauses and swallows. They cheer.She addresses the crowd, telling them in Dothraki that a prince rides inside her and he shall be called Rhaego. They all start chanting and a furious Viserys realizes the Dothraki love her.Khal Drago picks her up proudly and carries her around the room.Jorah sees that Viserys has disappeared. He finds him in Dani's tent, stealing her dragon eggs, which he claims also belong to him. He wants to buy an army. He's realized he'll never have the respect his sister does.Viserys tells Jorah he knows he wants Daenerys and he doesn't care. He wants to pass, but Jorah won't let him, saying loyalty means everything to him.Back in the aerie, Tyrion goes on another round of yelling. The guard comes in and hits him. He wants to know where his gold is. He mentions the phrases 'rich as a Lannister' and 'a Lannister always pays his debts.' He wants the guard to send a message to Lady Arryn. He says he wishes to confess his crimes.Tyrion stands before Catelyn, Lady Arryn and Lord Robin Arryn and a court. He confesses to lying and whoring and various pranks when he was a youth, including stealing a womans clothes when she was bathing. He says he doesn't know anything about hiring someone to kill Bran.He demands a trial. They open the moon door, a hole in the floor, saying he'll go out it if found guilty by Lord Robin, the child.Tyrion demands a trial by combat instead. Various knights volunteer to fight him but one says it wouldn't be right to fight someone half his size. Tyrion suggests Jaime fight in his place instead, but Lady Arryn is impatient and wants the trial today.So Tyrion asks for a volunteer. There's a long silence when one of the man who fought on the road with him stands up.Out on the hunt, Robert leads Lord Renly and some men through the woods, raving about the good old days. Renly wonders what was so great about the kingdom being at war and the Mad King slaughtering women and children.In court, a peasant tells Ned about people ransacking their village and raping their women. He dumps out a sack of fish, the sigil of House Tully. He says the man leading them was taller than anyone he'd ever seen and Ned and Petyr realize theyre talking about the Mountain, Ser Gregor, the hand of Lord Tywin Lannister, Tyrion's father. Petyr suggests the Lannisters are trying to frame Catelyn as a Tully. Even Maester Pycelle thinks people rampaging within the city isn't appropriate.Ned commands a knight to hunt down Ser Gregor and his men. Ned strips him of his title, land, holdings and sentences him to death. Pycelle suggests they wait for Robert to return before passing such a severe sentence.But Ned goes further, summoning Tywin to court within a fortnight, or he will be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm.After, Petyr wonders if its wise to provoke the Lannisters. Ned has faith in the king's army.In the aerie, Tyrion's man ducks his attacker, and narrowly avoids falling down the moon door. He spends more time dodging the knight's advancing sword than he does fighting. But he gets a good stick in. Lady Lysa Arryn (Kate Dickie) shouts at her man to finish him, but instead, Tyrion's man cuts his leg badly.Tyrion's man gets the better of him and waits to hear from the crowd whether Lady Arryn's man should live or die. They chant no, but he finishes him off.When it's over, Lady Arryn tells Tyrion's man that he didn't fight with honor. "No," he agrees, "he did," he says of his vanquished foe.Tyrion announces he's going home and goes to reclaim his gold. He gets it and hands it to the prison guard on the way out. "A Lannister always pays his debts," he says as he leaves.Sansa sews with her nurse maid, who notes that Sansa has started wearing her hair like someone from the south. Sansa is snotty to her.Joffrey pays her a visit. He says he's behaved monstrously the past few weeks and offers her a necklace.He asks for her forgiveness. She says there's nothing to forgive. He talks about them marrying someday and promises he will never disrespect her or be cruel to her again. "You're my lady now," he tells her, and kisses her.Theon finds his favorite whore Roz on a turnip cart on the way to Kings Landing. He tosses her money so she'll flash him and shouts that he's going to miss her.Ned tells Sansa and Arya he's sending them to Winterfell. Sansa doesn't want to leave Joffrey and Arya doesn't want to leave her sword instructor.Ned promises to find Sansa a better match some day. She says wants to be Joffrey's queen and give him babies with beautiful blond hair.Something about this strikes Ned and after the girls leave he goes to the book Jon Arryn was consulting before he died.He reads up on the House of Baratheon, all of whose members had black hair -- until Joffrey.At a Dothraki celebration, Viserys stumbles in drunk looking for his sister. Daenerys sends Jorah to stop him.Khal Drago enjoys watching Viserys get put in his place. He sends him to the back of the tent, but Viserys says that's no place for a king."You are no king," Drogo says in English.Viserys draws his sword. Jorah advises him to put it down, but Viserys reminds him they can't shed blood in their sacred city, but that he can. He holds his sword on Daenerys belly. He says he wants what he came for. I want the crown he promised me. He says Drogo bought her, but never paid for her. He threatens to cut out her baby and give it to Drogo.Daenerys translates for Drogo, and tells Viserys he'll have a golden crown that men shall tremble to behold. Viserys immediately backs down, saying that's all he wanted.Drogo checks on Daenerys, then has one of his men break Viserys' arm. They hold him as Drogo melts gold in a pot over the fire. Daenerys makes no move to save her brother, and watches calmly as he pleads with her.Drogo takes the melted gold and pours it over Viserys' head, killing him with a golden "crown." Daenerys isn't upset."He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon," she says.
