S7 E4Jaime Lannister opens a wagon full of gold from the Tyrell vaults at Highgarden, the army is on the march back home. Bronn is there wondering why Jaime is upset. Bronn gets a cash reward but wants more. Jaime orders Bronn to help the Tarly's round up food from the local farmers.The Iron Bank rep thanks Cersei for the gold repayment, on its way. He suggests future deals and their support. She plans on deals with Essos.Petyr Baelish sits with Bran and gives him the Valeryian steel dagger that killed his mother, but doesn't know who owned it. Baelish promises support but is stopped by a cryptic comment, "chaos is a ladder", Littlefinger had used that phrase in private conversation with Varys years ago (S3 E6). Meera Reed arrives to say she is leaving to be close to her family, she gets upset with his blasé thanks, he mutters he is no longer Brandon Stark.Arya arrives at the gates of Winterfell, the two guards don't believe she is a Stark, but she convinces them to let her in. She sits and views her home, then slips away from the guards. Sansa is told about Arya, smiles then goes to the crypts. The two sisters finally meet. Arya asks if Sansa killed Joffrey, and mentions her kill list. They meet Bran at the red tree, Bran is moody and knows about the list. Bran gives Arya the dagger.A Dragonstone Missandei and Daenerys wait for word from Greyworm. Jon Snow wants to show them a cave , they have found a large vein of dragonglass. Deeper in the cave Jon shows her ancient wall drawings, the Children of the Forest and First Men, and the Wights. Jon stresses they need to join together to fight the real enemy. Daenerys says she will fight for the North when he bends the knee.Outside the cave Tyrion has somber news about Casterly Rock. They need adjustments to their strategy, Daenerys is furious and wants to attack Kings Landing. She asks Jon's opinion, he hesitates but warns against attacking civilians.At Winterfell Brienne toys with Pod sparring with swords. Arya comes and wants to play. Arya displays superb fencing skills as Littlefinger and Sansa watch.Davos and Jon chat about Daenerys, and their meagre 10,000 troops. The meet Missandei and explain Snow's bastard name. The men are surprised Missandei is serving Dany by voluntary choice. They see a ship arrive. Theon has returned, Jon is angry with himbut Greyjoy briefs them on Euron and Yara.Jaime and Bronn watch as their army is strung out, tired and preparing to bivouac. The gold is safely at Kings Landing. They chat with Dickon Tarly, it was his first battle. They hear a rumble and Jaime sounds the alarm for swords and shields, the foot soldiers scramble to form a line. Dothraki cavalry charge down the plains, and a dragon swoops in overhead. Dany rides and opens fire, burning a hole in the Lannister line, the Dothraki break through. Dany on her dragon provides aerial support burning the Lannister army. Jaime organizes a squad of archers to veer the dragon off, Bronn rides to get the "scorpion". A Dothraki chops Bronn's horse's legs, he falls and loses his bag of silver. Getting to a wagon he arms the huge crossbow and searches the sky for the dragon. Tyrion watches with dismay from a hilltop as the Dothraki slaughter the Lannister army. As the dragon flies in low, Bronn fires but misses, he reloads. With the dragon coming back around his second shot hits the flying beast, Dany rides the injured animal to the ground. She dismounts and attempts to pull the bolt. Jaime sees a chance and charges with a lance. Just before the dragon turns to roast Jaime, Bronn knocks him aside and both men fall into the deep lake,
