Davos watches stunned as Jon Snow sits up gasping. His wolf also stares. Jon touches his stab wounds and stumbles. He remembers being stabbed. Melisandre asks what he saw after being stabbed, but there was nothing. She says the Lord of Light sent him back, someone has to be the Prince Who Was Promised. Davos urges to keep going on cleaning up, but Jon is despondent. Jon and Davos walk to a balcony overlooking the Courtyard, he walks through the silent Night's Watch. Tormund Giantsbane gives him a friendly hug. Eddison Tollert is glad to see him.Sam and Gilly are in a ship in a storm. Sam is seasick while Gilly is cheerful and excited. Sam tells her they are going to his family home, his mother can take care of her while he is in Maester training in Old Towne.A group of horsemen approach a high castle. A knight hones his sword. Bran and the Three Eyed Raven stand and watch, they have travelled back in time to observe an important event. Bran recognizes a younger version of his father Ned Stark, the man beside him is Howland Reed, Meera's father. The knight is Ser Arthur Dayne, the Sword of the Morning, the best swordsman. Stark has come for his sister, Dayne draws two swords. Five men against two, Then four on one, Dane with two swords defends against Stark's party. Three on one. Then two on one. Finally one on one, Ned Stark is about to lose until Reed recovers and stabs Dayne in the back, Bran is surprised how the battle ends. A scream in the castle, Ned runs toward. Bran calls out to his father, Ned stops and seems to have heard him. The Three Eyed Raven ends the trance, back in the cave he tells Bran he has to learn everything before taking over as the Three eyed Raven.Daenerys is walking in a dusty group as a prisoner. She is brought to a hut of Dothraki women, the Widows of the Khals, the Dosh Khaleen. The oldest lectures Dany in an unfriendly manner.In Mereen Varys meets a local woman. It is Vala, she has helped the Sons of the Harpy. She is bitter about the takeover of Mereen. Varys knows her son Dom and makes a veiled threat. He offers her a ship and silver to go away with her son.Tyrion, Grey Worm and Missandei sit quietly. Tyrion tries to engage the two in conversation. Varys joins them and says there are three groups funding the Sons of the Harpy. Tyrion asks Varys to send a message to the Slave Master triad.Maester Qyburn speaks to a group of street kids. They are Varys' Little Birds. He gives them candied plums and asks them to bring more friends, and whispers. Cersei and Jaime are there and the Mountain stomps in. The kids scatter. Cersei is planning to use Gregor Cleghane in an upcoming Trial by Combat. Cersei wants the Little Birds to find out everything.Pycelle tells the Small Council Qyburn was thrown out of the Citadel for black magic. Jaime and Cersei arrive, the Council tell Cersei she had no place there. But the twin Lannisters take seats and try to convince the others to rise up against the High Sparrow. The others refuse and leave the two alone at the table.King Tommen goes to see the High Septon. He is angry at the High Sparrow and wants Cersei to be able to see Myrcella's body. The High Sparrow talks in soothing tones, he says Cersei still has to go through a trial. He urges Tommen to have an open mind and the young King seems to listen.A blind Arya is beaten by the Waif. Arya also practices living blind, by her other senses. The Waif is trying to get Arya to reject and leave her past. Arya improves and is finally able to defend herself. When Jaqen asks her name she replies 'a girl has no name'. He offers a bowl of water and after a sip, she recovers her eyesight.Smalljon Umber meets Karstark and Ramsay Bolton. He has come to join Bolton to fight the Wildings and Snow. Umber refuses to kneel before Ramsay but does present a gift, Osha and Rickon Stark, and a black wolf's head as proof.At Castle Black the four men who knifed Jon Snow are arranged on a gallows. Jon asks them if they have any last words. Ser Alliser is defiant and doesn't regret. Jon cuts the holding rope and the four hang. Jon is sad about Olly in particular, then gives Eddison the cloak of the Commander, he says his 'watch has ended' and walks away.
