Episode 2A storm rages outside Dragonstone. Daenerys plans with Varys and Tyrion. Dany challenges Varys, gets him to admit he has been self-serving. Varys swears loyalty under threat.Red Witch Melisandre arrives, she states the prophecy of the Prince or Princess that Was Promised, and mentions Jon Snow the King of the North. Tyrion says he likes and trusts Jon, and can be a valuable ally. Daenerys orders a message for Snow to come and bend a knee.Sansa, Jon and Ser Davos review the message, Davos says it may be helpful.Cersei speaks to her Council instilling fear of the Dothraki hordes and the Targaeryon past. Her maester Qyburn says they are working on a plan for the dragons. Jaime speaks to Lord Tarly, he wants him to be their lead General, but Tarly is a Tyrell Bannerman.Jorah Mormont has bad grey scale over most of his torso, the Arch Maester says it is too late to stop it. Sam mentions Shireen Baratheon but the Maester says she was a child and it was caught early. Jorah can only stay in the Citadel one more day.Qyburn shows Cersei a crossbow weapon designed to kill the dragons, he points out they are not invincible.Daenerys has a war council; Olenna Tyrell, Yara Greyjoy and Ellaria Sand are there and encourage immediate war and attack. Tyrion explains the plan; Dorne and Tyrell armies will lay siege to Kings Landing, the Dothraki and Eunuch Unsullied will attack Casterly Rock the Lannister Home. Olenna tries to get Daenerys to 'be a dragon'.Missandei and Greyworm share a heartfelt farewell. They kiss, she disrobes, she strips him, they make love.Sam is given homework and is piled with reading. Sam says he may have found a cure for grayscale but the Arch Maester discounts it as too dangerous. Jorah writes a note in his room, is disturbed by Sam bringing food. Sam orders Jorah to drink a bottle of rum, he has the book and will follow the painful cure. Sam begins to cut off the infected tissue, Jorah is in agony.Ayra sits in a pub alone, a chubby lad, her old friend Hot Pie brings her a tasty bread. They chat, he reveals Jon Snow has won the Battle of the Bastards, surprised she finishes her meal and departs.Jon Snow gets Sam's message that dragonglass lies beneath Dragonstone. Snow then updates his Council and says he will travel to meet Daenerys, the North needs her dragonglass and power. Sansa and the Lords try to change his mind. Sansa will be left in charge, Petyr Baelish smiles at the news. Later Baelish talks to Jon in the catacombs, the two are not friends. Jon rides off with Davos and a small troop.Arya's horse is unsettled, she draws her sword as a pack of wolves surrounds her fire. The alpha is Nymeria, her long lost family pet. The huge direwolf turns and leaves with the pack.The Sand Snakes are unhappy on a ship. The Dornes are sailing with the Greyjoys. Suddenly they are under attack, Euron Greyjoy and his massive battleship ram and board, the fighting is fierce, the Greyjoy fleet is in flames. Euron kills two Sand Snakes, Ellaria is taken, then Euron subdues Yara; Theon, panics and jumps overboard. Later he surveys the ruined fleet on a float as Euron's ship sails away.
