Open with Quinn, Fara and Max using a drone to try and follow Carrie's movement after being taken. They lose her at a gas station.Javadi starts to interrogate Carrie in order to establish "trust."Mira tells Saul about the guy she was with the other night. He was part of a life she had when they were apart. He tells her about the mix-up with the CIA Director post but generally doesn't want to talk about their relationship. He walks out.Javadi asks a series of questions. He asks the other men in the room to leave and tells her that the machine says she is lying to him. She takes off the sensors and tells him she knows about his embezzling. Javadi asks her to talk outside. She says she and Saul have been working on the plan since the day after the bombing. She warns him that the CIA is watching them and he's not under arrest because Saul would like to speak to him. Carrie wants him to tell his men that the plan has worked, but he says it can't happen that quickly without arousing suspicion. They need to give her an assignment to test her as an asset. He wants evidence related to how they targeted his associated following the bombing and they agree to meet at a coffee shop off 270.Saul arrives at the safe house with Quinn and the others. He talks to Fara about his history with Javadi, who killed several people to which Saul has promised safe housing. That act was how Javadi got in good with the new regime in Iran. Saul's revenge against Javadi was helping his wife and son escape to the West.Javadi has his men drop off Carrie in a remote location.Dana tells Jessica she wants to change her last name to Jessica's maiden name. Jessica says she'll drive her to get the paperwork filled out.Carrie arrives home and calls Saul on her burner. She tells him about the meeting with Javadi and is stunned to learn nobody was following her. She gives him the address for Javadi's safe house and Saul focuses the drone on the location. Saul is certain he'll still be there, having no idea the CIA wasn't watching him the entire time.Carrie takes a pregnancy test. It's positive and it looks like she's known for weeks, possibly longer.Lockhart arrives at the CIA for a meeting. Saul is not there and he meets with Adal. Lockhart thinks the CIA is a "mess" and change needs to take place, "no matter how painful." Adal says he's on the same page. Lockhart wants to reclaim the fear people used to have for the agency and tells Adal he wants no unfinished business left to mess up his confirmation.Quinn picks up Carrie. He sees that she's been following Brody's movements but seems fine with it.Dana fills out paperwork to change her name.Carrie sits at the restaurant and waits for Javadi.Over the phone Adal lies to Saul about the nature of the meeting with Lockhart. Saul is shown that Javadi took a detour and is not going directly to her meeting. Carrie and Quinn rushes to the area. Javadi stops in front of a home. Max and Fara see that it's owned by Javadi's daughter-in-law. Saul implores Carrie and Quinn to hurry.Javadi knocks on the door and shoots his daughter-in-law in the face. He plays with his grandson for a few minutes before his ex-wife walks into the room. He breaks a bottle and begins stabbing her violently in the neck. Quinn and Carrie come in just as she is dying on the floor.Saul tells Carrie to get Javadi and the murder weapon out of there as fast as possible. They are told to leave the baby and take Javadi's car.One of Dana's friends knocks on the door. She's there because Dana is moving in with her. Dana tells Jessica it's been a long time coming and she needs to get out of the house. Jessica eventually accepts it and they have a tearful hug good-bye.A CIA van sent to Javadi's ex-wife's house drives by the murder scene, but finds that the police are already on scene and does not stop.Javadi is brought to the safe house and locked in the interrogation room. Saul walks in and tells Quinn to take off the cuffs. Javadi starts to say something and Saul punches him the face, breaking his nose and knocking him to the floor.
