In a Brody flashback, he's digging a hole in the dessert. Walker's body is brought out and dropped in the hole. Brody is placed on the edge of the hole and begins singing "The Marine Hymn" as a gun it put to his head. The trigger is pulled and Brody wakes up in bed. Carrie wakes up as well, watching as Brody begins to weep in bed.In the morning Jessica makes reference to the fact it "happened again." At 4:00 am Brody woke up and began speaking in Arabic while clutching Jessica's arm. She is badly bruised. Jessica and the kids leave and it appears this is the first day that Brody has been left home alone.After his family leaves Brody begins to recall his time alone in a cell. He walks outside briefly but comes right back inside as dozens of reporters hurl questions at him. Brody ends up in a corner of his bedroom, clutching the walls.The crypto-guy tells Saul he's hasn't yet found any patterns with respect to the apparent finger tapping signals. Saul is meeting with Judge Turner (Michael Mckean) he clearly has dirt on. The judge gives him a four-week Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant and isn't happy about it.Saul brings Carrie the warrant. He makes reference to her lying about him and coming on to him. She shows him that Brody hasn't moved in five hours. Saul doesn't think this is strange, arguing that if Brody was working for other side he's go right to the press and begin playing the hero role.We see an attractive woman named Lynne Reed (Brianna Brown) interviewing a girl (Melissa Benoist) to be part of a Prince Farid's harem. She makes a call about getting a wax and Farid's No. 2 doesn't seem to trust her, even grabbing the phone to make sure. We see that Reed's call is placed to a CIA operator, who pretends to take the appointment then immediately calls Carrie.Carrie watches Jessica come home at night. Brody, who has been sitting against the wall all day, gives her a smile and says his day was "great."Estes and another higher-up are waiting for Mike when he returns to his office. They tell him they'd like him to lean on Brody to reenlist. They are offering Brody a promotion and significant financial compensation. They tell him to emphasize how this could help Brody's family.The next morning Chris asks Brody what it feels like to kill someone. Brody doesn't answer, but notices a reporter in their backyard taking pictures. Brody goes out to confront the man and when he insists of pressing for an interview, punches him in the throat with Chris watching. Brody walks out the backyards and disappears.Carrie realizes what is happening and sends Max to follow.Jessica comes downstairs and Chris tells her what happened.Max follows Brody into a mall. Virgil comes to Carrie's to stand in as watcher of the video feeds. Carrie meets with Reed. She shows her video from five days earlier when Farid met face-to-face with Abu Nazir. Carrie could not be more excited and Reed is terrified. She wants to end her work for the CIA but Carrie convinces her she'll be safe.Carrie calls Saul with news of a getting a visual confirmation of Abu Nazir. Saul says "I'll assemble the group."Mike drops by the Brody household in uniform. Jessica thinks he must have heard about Brody disappearing. Jessica fills him in about everything, including the flashbacks and bruises. Virgil notices the two were probably having an affair.Saul tells Carrie he can't yet authorize more surveillance of Brody. He reminds her that Estes's career is tied to Brody.Carrie calls Max, who has lost contact with Brody.Estes congratulates Carrie on the news and says he wants Reed to stick close to Farid. But he has no intention of providing increased protection for Reed.Max finds Brody in a hardware store. He's looking at things like lumber, wiring and screws.Mike stays over for dinner. Chris asks awkward questions about Mike outranking his father. Brody comes home with a bag and heads for the garage. Carrie is furious to learn Virgil couldn't get a camera in the garage. They are able to listen to Brody tell Jessica he was out walking all day. She reminds him how rough things were when he was gone. She's upset that Chris saw him hit the reporter. After dinner Mike tells Brody about coming back to the service. Brody tells him he'd be able to provide for Jessica and the kids. Brody completely blows him off.Upstairs Brody takes Chris aside and apologies for him having to see him hit the reporter.Jessica tries to talk to Brody about talking to the media as he watches TV. He ignores her.As Farid (Amir Arison) is preparing to arrive for his visit Virgil clumsily spills tea on Reed's shirt. She goes to the bathroom to clean up and finds Carrie waiting for her. She has a device for her to install on Farid's Blackberry to copy the memory. Carrie again assures her she'll be protected.Carrie goes to visit her sister Maggie and two nieces. Maggie is a doctor and she's been providing Carrie her anti-psychotic medications from her sample drawer. Their father lives with Maggie and he has a condition similar to Carrie's.Brody wakes up in the night and flashes back again to his captivity, walking through a corridor. With Carrie watching live he goes to the garage and starts tinkering with the garage door. He sweeps up the floor and flashes back to coming upon some Muslim men as they prayed. He washes his hands. Brody takes out a mat, lays it on the floor and begins performing the Salah.Brody tells Jessica that he fixed the door. We see him put on his uniform and walk out the front door. He walks over to the media and begins to hold an impromptu press conference.Carrie calls Saul and tells him that Brody is doing exactly what he said earlier, "playing the hero card."
