Homeland S5E6In a German jail, prisoners are marched to recover their belongings. A news report says 12 men are being set free. Laura Sutton tries to interview one man but he rebuffs her and gets in a van.Carrie confronts Saul about the kill box. She tells him the Russians are behind it. Saul is skeptical. Carrie asks for the secret documents but Saul is stubborn and tells her she built the wall between him. He grabs a taxi and leaves.At a busy apartment building the released prisoner enters. In one of the flats Quinn is on a cot with an IV.Saul returns to his hotel, he notices a watcher in the lobby.Saul confronts Allison the next day about the tail, she says Dar ordered it, because some of the plane fragments pointed to Israel. He suggests they sweep the station for bugs to find out how their plans for the Syrian General became known.The Syrians argue about Quinn. His rescuer doesn't think he is a spy.Carrie returns to the safehouse, Jonas says Quinn has been gone 20 hours. Jonas is leaving and asks her to trust him. They argue, he leaves.CIA station is being checked by technicians for bugs. Dar arrives and asks what is going on. Saul is also angry about being tailed. They argue about the Israelis and Geneva, Saul flatly states it is the Russians. Dar says he is bringing in a lie detector and wants Saul to come clean.Quinn arises and walks to a washroom with his urine bottle. He checks his bandages then overhears some terrorist talk in the air ducts. The other man comes to take him back to the cot.Saul returns to his suite. Suspicious, he checks around for bugs himself. He rushes out to check the chambermaid's cart for something, not finding anything he returns to the room.During leaves his car at an underground garage. Carrie is there and tells him she has to remain dead. She needs a plane with 12 hrs of fuel. During is hesitant. Carrie tells him Saul seems to hate him. She wants to take her troubles and go away.Saul goes to find the tech involved with the hacker files, he asks if there were any Russians involved. Then Saul finds his access and logins have been de-authorized. He causes some confusion with the techs then goes and downloads files to a USB while no one is aware.Quinn talks to his Samaritan. The man is a doctor who cannot practice in Germany. Two men, Bibi and Qasim, summon Quinn away. He is questioned by a group of angry men. He suggests they are under surveillance and would be better off fighting in Syria, they let him go.Dar and Allison notice Saul has skipped out. From somewhere Saul calls Allison, then tells Dar once again "Russians". Saul enters a private club and talks to During, saying he has something for Carrie. Two CIA agents come in and try to search both During and Saul. During is patted down. Saul is taken out.Carrie looks at her happier time photos on her phone. She deletes all the pictures.Quinn has vials of medicines as he prepares to leave. He thanks the doctor. Another man comes in, more friendly and Quinn lets them think he was a mercenary in Syria.During finds a packet in his overcoat pocket.Carrie watches Jonas from outside their house.Quinn leaves the building and tries to calm the leader, but the man pulls a knife, the two men fight. Quinn is slashed but kills the Syrian as the others watch. Quinn will stay longer.Carrie goes to the private jet at night, During passes her a folded paper from Saul.
