Open with Brody in custody.A furious Estes arrives at the facility and gets a report about what happened from Saul and Peter. The sense is that they have to get some information out of Brody right now or run the risk of losing the potential intel. Saul thinks Carrie is the best bet to question Brody. Estes brings Carrie into the room and says he wants Peter to take the first crack at Brody.Peter sits down across from Brody and tells him the situation. He's in the custody of the CIA, he isn't getting a lawyer and he's basically off the grid. Brody pretends he doesn't know anything about Issa being Nazir's son.While watching the video feed Saul and Carrie comment that Peter is good.Peter starts to ask about Brody ending up in the safe room with VP Walden. He asks about him wearing a bomb. Brody denies everything, then Peter shows him the video tape they found of Brody in Beirut. Peter leaves him alone and the plan is to let him stew with no sleep.Jessica tells the kids that Brody is staying at a hotel while the couple works out their problems. Chris seems particularly upset by the whole thing. Dana talks to Finn about her parents' troubles and he can relate. She tells him she's broken up with Xander and wants him to take her out that night.Estes tells Brody's top staffer Greg that Brody is working for the CIA and will be out of commission for a few days. He tells him to tell people Brody has the flu, but tells him the truth about Brody and Jessica's troubles and Brody being at a hotel.Jessica begins trying to reach Brody on his cell phone.Realizing that Jessica has called Brody three times already, Peter goes back to grilling a now very tired Brody. Brody admits his relationship to Issa and the boy's death, but says he never actually wore the vest. He tells Peter they have "nothing on me." Peter threatens to tell Jessica and the kids, but this doesn't seem to bother Brody. Peter then asks for information about Nazir's upcoming strike. Brody says he has no idea several times. At this point Peter pulls out a knife and sticks it through Brody's hand. Saul and Carrie rush into the room and Brody begins receiving medical treatment. Carrie asks Saul if she can take over the interrogation.Jessica gets a member of the hotel staff to let her into Brody's room and finds he hasn't been there for a day. She calls Greg, demanding that he track Brody down. Greg calls Estes and tells him Jessica is becoming an issue. Estes tells Greg he'll have Brody call him later.After Brody's hand is wrapped Carrie sits down at the table. She begins by asking about him breaking her heart and what it did to her professionally and in terms of her mental health. Brody still says he never wore a bomb. He apologizes for hurting her. She brings him some water.In the other room Peter tells Saul that losing his cool with the knife was just an act designed to make Carrie the good cop.Carrie disconnects all the video feeds (the audio is still running) and takes off Brody's cuffs. She talks to him about the support group and dealing with the impact of war. He admits to lying about how bad the war was and she suggests that the lies are what "undo us." She talks about the monstrous things Nazir has done to civilians, people like Brody's family. She suggests that it might be a relief to stop lying, admitting that she wants him to leave his family and be with her. She says he's a good man because he didn't detonate the vest he was wearing. Carrie brings up the call he got from Dana that changed his mind. She talks about the man she fell in love with, then she asks him about Nazir's plan. Brody says he knows there is a plan but doesn't know specifics. He gives her Hammad's name, tells her about Bassel and mentions the Saudi attaché. Brody then puts his head on the desk. Saul walks in with a phone, telling Brody to call his wife and tell her he'll be home later that night.During dinner Dana tells Jessica she'll be picked up soon for her date with Finn. The phone rings with Brody, who says he's been "looking for some answers."While waiting for Finn, Dana talks to Jessica about Brody changing while he was at war. Finn arrives for the date.Carrie wakes up Brody, who has been sleeping on the floor, and gives him his options. The only way for him to avoid a public trial is to help them by uncovering Nazir's plan. Eventually he'll have to quit politics, but he'd avoid being charged.Dana tells Finn she wants to have some fun. He proceeds to ditch their secret service detail by blowing a red light. He makes several quick turns, then ducks down an alley but just as he leaves the alley, he hits a pedestrian. Dana wants him to turn around and check on the woman. Finn says he can't do it because of his father. They see in the rear view that another person has stopped to help her and Dana reluctantly agrees to leave the scene.Carrie tells Brody an affair with her can be the cover for their contact with Hammad. Brody thinks Nazir will find out he's working with the CIA and go after his family. Carrie assures him the CIA will protect his family.Brody arrives home, telling Jessica that he's working for the CIA on "matters of national security." A shaky-looking Dana arrives home and heads for bed. Chris gives his dad a hug.Carrie comes home to her empty apartment. She pours herself a glass of wine and sits on the couch.
