Homeland S6 E4.Saul Berenson is driven in the police car, then taken roughy to a van and photo'd and blindfolded.Sekou is released and escapes a media scrum, Carrie and Reda drive him away. Carrie says he was released under the condition he never talks about it, Sekou smiles.President-Elect Keane reads a NY Times' news leak that senior Intel staff are worried she is soft on Iran. She accuses Dar Adal and demands Saul's report asap.Sekou comes home to a big party of well-wishers and hugs his mother. The lawyer is still puzzled how Carrie did it, but knows she made a deal with Agent Conlin, he is upset Sekou won't be compensated for his troubles. Carrie is called away,and goes to a black van at the curb. Back at the party a couple of friends joke that Sekou must be an FBI informant now. Disturbed, he goes to his laptop and records another video message.Saul is frogmarched into a courtyard and forced to kneel. A man with a smoke greets him. The man is Majid Javadi, the Iranian Saul blackmailed years before to help the US with Brody. Saul wants the real truth if Iran is cheating on the nuclear treaty.Quinn loads a handgun.Carrie is brought to see Keane and her Chief of Staff. They discuss Dar Adal, they ask Carrie how to leverage Dar and shut him up. Carrie says that would breach her agreement when leaving the government, Keane assures her she wouldn't do any jailtime. They plan to reform the CIA.Quinn approaches the walkup apartment across the street and a random tenant buzzes him in. He manages to pick the lock of the watcher's suite and enters, it seems normal, but a stool is placed at the window. Quinn leaves the flat just before a man arrives.Carrie sees her daughter at school, Dar is there and knows she has been seeing Keane. Adal urges her to stop
advising Keane, her CIA experience is three years out of date. Carrie leaves angrily.Saul walks back to his sister's house, she knows he crossed to the other side, and is upset his visit was just a cover for his work. The doorbell rings and his old friend Israeli Mossad Official Etai Luskin is there. They question what he did the previous night and take him to the airport. The Israelis know a senior Iranian official came to the West Bank the day before, Luskin advises Saul he won't be going back to the US right away because of "mechanical" problems.Quinn meets Carrie back at her home, he tells her she is being watched.Reda calls Carrie to say Sekou has been posting and has named Saad as an FBI informant. She rushes to his
apartment and tells him to take the post down. She asks him about his motivation and says she is offended by his website. She reveals he was only released because she applied illegal pressure,Sekou is still puzzled why she would do so.Saul is put in a locked detention cell for 24 hours. Etai argues Israel is only defending itself against a future pogram.Quinn tails the man from across the street in Carrie's car. They go to a warehouse district, Quinn snaps a photo as the man gets out and goes into a parking lot of delivery vans. A cop comes by and tells him no parking. Quinn takes more photos of the lot full of Medina logo delivery vans. In the morning he tries to tell Carrie what he saw but she doesn't listen.Sekou's mother wakes him with a hot tea. He smiles. Back at work his buddies greet him and wonder why he took down his posting, but they seem to accept him. He gets into a Medina logo delivery van. Cheerfully he drives to Manhattan. Crossing the Brooklyn Bridge the van suddenly blows up.In Israel Saul is released, Etai tells him there has been an attack in New York.
