A Jewish family meal. Saul and Allison celebrate a Seder with the Israeli amdassador. They reflect on the Nazi pogrom and current enemies.Carrie comes to, tied to a bed in a warehouse, Quinn walks close but doesn't release her, puzzled why she is on a kill list. Quinn tells her Saul put her on the list. He smears blood on her face, tells her to play dead and takes a photo of her slumped. He says he is buying her time and tells her to disappear.Saul and the Israeli ambassador discuss overthrowing Assad in Syria. Saul hints something is in the works while the Israeli says they don't want any change.Jonas tries to call Carrie, then talks to Laura Sutton at the office. Sutton wants him to help with the hacker documents, he has another client who can help. Jonas updates During on Carrie.Carrie makes a video message for her daughter. Quinn tells her the message has to be more definite that she is dead, she redoes it as a message from the grave, to be seen many years later, as a tearful apology. Quinn says not everyone is fit to be a parent.Sutton visits Jonas' client, she is under house arrest. A young, punky woman with an ankle transponder reveals herself as Sabina. Sabina says she can find the hacker.In Switzerland a woman is led off a private plane. Allison Carr is acting as a doctor and escorts them to a clinic. The girl is prepped for kidney surgery. Allison goes to a locked room, Saul is there with a tech and monitors. The father is a senior Syrian government official. Saul watches the parents on CCTV pace nervously.Quinn and Carrie catchup on the past two years. Carrie dons a brown wig. Carrie is puzzled why Saul put her name in the box, it is not logical. She wants Quinn to slow her the Deutsche Post mail drop to investigate further.Alison takes the father aside and announces she is CIA. She sets up a meeting in the garden for after lunch.Sabina finds the bearded hacker Numann on a chatline, they reveal there were no docs on the drive. Numann realizes his blonde buddy Kosinik made the switch. Kosinik is in a limo going to make the sale, he is warned to get out. He does not and enters a small restaurant escorted by the driver. He meets a smiling Russian, Ivan Krupin already eating. They exchange USB for cash but Ivan wants to make sure there are no copies.General Youssef excuses himself for a smoke and goes to the garden. Saul is waiting at a bench. Saul quickly lays out the plan to back Youssef to take over Syria as president. He is giving $10 million now to help Youssef buy friends back home. Youssef is skeptical and is non committal.A man ransacks an apartment, he finds a USB drive and points a gun at a bloody woman. In the restaurant Krupin strangles Kosinik. A short time later Numann finds the dead girl in the apartment.Quinn and Carrie drive to the Potsdam mail drop. He goes inside to pick up the new orders. A man in a green BMW with a gun circles nearby. The DP attendant texts the driver that Quinn is there, as he drives closer Carrie is wary, she rams the BMW just in time. The driver manages to shoot Quinn who returns fire and kills the driver. Carrie grabs the dead man 's cell phone and takes a photo of him, they leave quickly as civilians panic.Carrie gets Quinn back to the safehouse, the bullet has gone through but he is bleeding badly. She tries some first aid.At night at the airport the Syrians board their private jet. General Youssef tells Allison he is on side. In a car Allison and Saul discuss the General and agree they have made him cooperate.At the safehouse Carrie examines the phone, she tells Quinn there is only one number in the memory, Quinn says to call it. Allison notices the call display on her phone and answers with a Russian greeting, Carrie is silent.Overhead the jet explodes in a fireball.
