It is "Two Days Later" and Sandy's body is being returned to the United States in a flag-draped coffin. Quinn and Carrie offer Sandy's widow their condolences inside the private CIA hanger.Carrie pulls up to Maggie's house and is about to knock when she hears the baby crying. She tries to bail but just as she starts back to the car Maggie walks out onto the front porch with Frannie in her arms. Carrie is ambivalent about being a mother and doesn't seem interested in seeing her daughter.Quinn sits alone by the pool at his apartment complex drinking straight out of a bottle of booze. He casually tosses the empty bottle into the pool. The attractive but notably overweight apartment complex manager comes out to quietly admonish him for his actions. He is extremely intoxicated, however the two end up in bed together.A TV reporter approaches Pakistani medical student Aayan at his school. He doesn't want to speak, but answers that while what happened to his family was horrible, he thinks what happened to Sandy was also wrong. He leaves, but looks back from his room to see Rahim giving an interview. In his room Aayan fills a bag with dozens of racks of some kind of injection vials.The next morning the woman Quinn slept with wakes up and sees him come out of the shower. She seems to expect this was a one-night stand and looks pleasantly surprised when Quinn asks her if she wants to get breakfast.Maggie and Carrie have another debate about Frannie. Maggie's not happy Carrie is only home for a few days and is open about her feeling Carrie's not fulfilling her responsibilities as a parent.CIA Director Lockhart (Tracy Letts) tells Carrie he wants her to join him for Senate hearings related to the bombing. He says she's back in the U.S. permanently as part of a measure of "accountability."Quinn and the apartment manager go to a diner. Two men at a nearby table snicker and make comments about her weight. Quinn takes notice and confronts the pair, one of whom is particularly crude. Quinn snaps, slamming his head into the table and headbutting the other one unconscious. He turns his attention back to the first who is barely conscious, and is about to ram a napkin holder into the man's head when the apartment manager grabs his arm and tells him to stop. He stands immobile, seemingly shocked by what he's just done.Interrupting her continuing confrontation with her sister, Carrie gets a phone call that Quinn is in jail and leaves home. Quinn put one of the men in the hospital but "playing the PTSD card,"she's able to get him released with just a fine.Aayan is on a bus, clutching his bag of injectable medications. He goes to the home of his girlfriend/classmate Kiran (Shavani Cameron) who receives him warmly while her father, greatly annoyed the he is the nephew of the terrorist leader who was the target of the aerial bombing, does not. He tells her he thinks Rahim has ruined his life and then asks her to hold "some things" for him, and leaves the valise of medications with her.Carrie goes to see Jordan Harris (Adam Godley), an Islamabad case officer who had worked under Sandy but was shipped home and stuck in the basement, without apparent reason,stuck with managing the CIA archives. Harris is adamant that he has no interest in talking to her.Maggie is furious with Carrie that she left the nanny with Frannie to attend to work stuff. Maggie had to cancel on several patients so the babysitter could pick up her own kids. Carrie tells her that it won't be a problem going forward since she's home permanently.Carrie spends the next day alone with Frannie. She brings her to Brody's old home. She holds the baby and cries, telling Frannie that since Brody's death she can't remember why she had her. While bathing Frannie Carrie appears to consider for a frightening moment the possibility of letting Frannie drown.Dar Adal (F. Murray Abraham) tips Saul that people are growing dissatisfied with Lockhart. He thinks there's a chance Saul could get back in the mix and asks if he's interested. Saul says that "officially" he's enjoying the private sector.With Frannie in the car Carrie waits for Harris in the parking lot. She jumps in his car and demands he talk, jamming the transmission into Park as he tries to drive off. He reluctantly tells her that Sandy wasn't responsible for his situation. Harris had flown to DC to report an intelligence leak to Lockhart in person and found himself ressigned to a paper-pushing job.Carrie speaks with Saul briefly before Sandy's funeral. She walks over to Lockhart, draws him aside and tells him what she learned... he immediately deduces that she's been in contact with Harris, and fulminates a bit, denouncing the that foreign station: "It's not even a real country. It's a f**king acronym." She uses this information to extort him into putting her back in the field as Sandy's replacement.Inside the church Carrie tells Saul she wants his company to help her with security when she gets to Pakistan. Carrie asks Quinn to join him in Islamabad. He refuses.Carrie tells Maggie she's going back into the field. She claims it wasn't her call but Maggie doesn't buy it. They get in yet another fierce confrontation about Frannie, with Maggie demanding that Carrie at least have the courage to say good-bye to her daughter. Carrie goes up to Frannie's room and tells the infant "I'm sorry."Quinn comes home to find a note on his door from the complex manager with whom he'd had sex. It reads "No one ever fought for me before," and is signed with a lipstick kiss. Quinn sits down and begins drinking again.Two men break into Aayan's room in the middle of the night. They rough him up, take his laptop and warn him not to speak to the press.The episode ends with Carrie alone on a CIA executive jet bound for Islamabad.
