S7 E6Carrie is stressed out getting Frannie ready for school. Max is upstairs keeping an eye on Wellington and Simone. Simone shows a subpoena to Sen. Paley's Committee. Carrie wants to call Dante but again Max has to tell not to reveal the cameras. Carrie realizes Simone may have another contact.Saul sits in on a professor's lecture on the space race. The professor explains how the CIA got it wrong. Saul goes for a coffee with the lecturer, Sandy, who had been fired from the CIA after the Alison Carr incident. Saul wants her help to find the Russian fake news expert Yevgeny.Ivan Krupin arrives at a listed house, the real estate agent is an undercover Russian agent. Ivan says he needs to talk to Yevgeny, urgently.David Wellington meets Sam Paley and tells him Simone knows nothing, but to at least keep his personal life out of it, Paley hints there is more to Simone.Carrie watches Simone and Wellington have dinner and discuss the Hearing. Carrie calls Janet, Paley's aide, and asks for an update and a seat in the Committee room. Carrie is puzzled who Simone really is.Saul brings Sandy to a small nondescript office, he has one young IT guy also.Carrie and Max brainstorm before she goes to the Hearing. Inside Janet shows Simone photos of her close to Hazelton and the cash outlets. Simone's lawyer wants immunity. Simone talks. She put the money beside a boulder by the highway as directed, hesitant to say who told her to but hinting at Wellington. Carrie takes Allen aside and tells him Simone is lying, based on her intuition. Dante is skeptical and blames her meds.Saul gets an urgent message to see Carrie. They meet outside a church, Carrie updates him on her work with Sen. Paley, Simone's $50k and Wellington. She reveals the video surveillance. Saul points out that Dante Allen is suspect, he led her down a path. Saul says to lay low, stay away from Dante, this may interfere with his own Russian investigation.Ivan meets the bearded man from the Lucasville hospital JJ Elkins fake news. Ivan tells Yevgeny Gromov he messed up by causing American deaths. Yevgeny laughs and considers Krupin old fashioned.Keanu holds a casual presser. Some reporters get texts, one mentions Simone Martin as a friend of Wellington. Keane is blindsided but keeps on her message about a new Bond Program.Wellington meets Simone at a restaurant. She acts up and accuses him making a public scene, Wellington is baffled.Carrie runs on her treadmill and has an inspiration. Carrie calls one of her ex-CIA team to arrange a drinks night out to celebrate.At Saul's boiler room his IT guy shows a clip of the Wellington/Simone spat which is going viral online. The tech shows that automated nodes are pushing the story, exactly the same nodes as the Lucasville Elkins story. Saul gets a text to meet a John Bishop, puzzled, Sandy tells him it is Ivan's old code-name, for his crucifix necklace.Yuri waits with a cigarette by the river.Carrie's team greets Dante at a bar as the others laugh and toast each other. Carrie seems friendly and apologetic with Dante, she recants her earlier comments about Simone. They flirt.Saul goes to the river to meet Krupin, finds a cigarette on the dock and Ivan's catholic cross on a chain. Yevgeny and his henchmen have Ivan duct-taped on a boat, they seal him into a body bag and toss him overboard.Carrie takes Dante to his apartment, they start kissing and undressing. Dante gets dizzy and collapses unconscious before she gets her bra off. The rest of the team arrive and start looking for evidence.
