S7 E4Wellington gets dressed, a motorcade arrives at his house. President Keane steps into his front door, furious the Generals went ahead with the convoy strike. Wellington admits he did it to give her some success in the first 100 days. Keane is aghast. Carrie watches in interest with the secret video feed. Wellington offers to resign but butters her up. Keane leaves.Max arrives at Carrie's house, she is excited about what she just heard. Max stresses the cameras must remain secret. Carries gives him the USB from Simone's PC, she plans to go to Hazelton to find out what Simone was up to. Max is worried for her need to rest, she borrows his car.O'Keefe watches the locals unload gear and prep for a siege. They have a lot of weapons. Mary Elkins is worried for her kids, O'Keefe promises to give himself up first. They shoot down an FBI camera drone. The senior FBI Agent Maslin is sarcastic with Saul.Carrie drives to Hazelton near the Federal Prison. She takes a photo of Simone to a Dash 4 Cash store. Carrie claims she is a sister and looking out for her, she threatens a lawsuit, the clerk finally says the sum was only $9,950.JJ Elkins chases his dog, the animal is killed by FBI, JJ is shot in the abdomen. The locals arrive and take an FBI hostage and retreat with the wounded teen. The boy is carried into the house in bad shape, Bo Elkins punches the FBI agent.Carrie calls Max and updates him. The $9950 is too low to pay for a hit man but probably done to avoid money laundering reporting. Max emails Carrie photos of Simone at various cocktail parties and functions. Max reminds her she will be late to pick up Frannie.O'Keefe calls Saul, Berenson suggests moving JJ to a local hospital. OKeefe admits he is not in control of the locals. Saul calls Wellington to get the President to name him on scene commander of the situation. Saul passes the phone to Maslin.Max investigates and notes Simone traveled close to several cash & loans outlets. He is interrupted by Maggie and Frannie, they wonder where Carrie is. On cue, Carrie arrives, Max excuses himself. Max estimates Simone made five cash pickups, close to $50,000, enough for a hit-man.An ambulance approaches the farmhouse, the nervous locals carefully check the vehicle. Two paramedics are allowed through and unload a gurney. Inside the house one does first aid on JJ, the other checks out the FBI hostage, and slips a microphone bug onto the radiator. OKeefe makes another video blog, accusing the FBI of being Keane's assassins. Mary Elkins loudly tells him to stop, he signs off.Maggie goes to see Carrie, wondering why Carrie is not taking meds or resting. She forces Carrie to take a sedative.At night Saul and OKeefe talk by phone, Saul refers to previous incidents like Waco, and says to give himself up before anyone else is shot. Saul says other women and kids can leave also.At the hospital a bearded man sneaks through security and dresses in medical scrubs, he makes his way to ER. He takes a photo of JJ momentarily alone, crops the photo and uploads it.Carrie's phone rings waking her from deep sleep. Dante is there to pick her up, she goes out to his car half asleep.Back at the farmhouse a black mini bus approaches the locals, the women and children start walking toward it. Mary Elkins reminds O'Keefe he had promised to leave before anyone got hurt.Carrie buys $120 in drugs from a guy in a car, Dante will have to advise her when to medicate. Carrie then updates Dante on Simone's cash pickups, she seems like a bag-man. Allen suggests a warrant, Carrie says they have to tail her instead. Allen agrees to do it her way.Before the minibus is loaded news breaks that JJ Elkins is dead. Saul frantically tries to tell O'Keefe it is fake news. The locals see the news on TV, Bo Elkins flips out and kills the FBI hostage. The gunshot creates a flurry of action, Maslin orders the FBI to move in. A gun battle erupts, OKeefe takes cover in the basement. He blogs in the middle of the firefight. Wellington gets word and rushes to the President. Saul updates the President and says it's too late to stop it. Keane grimaces.O'Keefe is tear-gassed and taken prisoner. The farmhouse is in ruins as the FBI move in to mop up, many dead bodies lie on the ground.
