A man is making an anti-personnel explosive device with many ball bearings.Estes gets word that the President isn't thrilled with how Walker is making them all look bad. In terms of finding the leak, Saul tells Estes that 16 different agencies had knowledge of the mission with Al Zahrani. The Vice President wants to speak with Estes.Saul shows up at the hospital and finds that Carrie seems to be experiencing a full psychiactric break. Saul is stunned at what he's witnessing.Dana reluctantly agrees to enjoy her family outing, a weekend trip to Gettysburg before Brody's campaign starts up.A doctor finally shows up. Carrie is still acting crazy and Saul tells her "You're not yourself." He explains what she's doing and the doctor asks if she's seeing anybody else. She tells them to call her sister Maggie.Brody and his family are on the road.Saul brings Carrie home where they wait for Maggie. Maggie (Amy Hargreaves) tells Saul that she's bi-polar and the explosion must have set of her off. Maggie gives her some meds and goes outside to talk with Saul. Maggie says it could be days or even a week before she completely evens out. A psych ward is the best place for her but Saul realizes that would kill her security clearance forever. Maggie agrees to watch her during the day as long as Saul comes back for the night shift.The Vice President is upset with Estes that he's being forced to hide out while Walker is at large. He wants to announce his candidacy for Presidency soon. Estes mentions that the explosives in the park were connected to the Saudis. The Vice President tells him to fire someone, "I don't care who."Brody teaches his kids all about the Battle of Gettysburg. Brody speaks passionately and knowledgeably about the battle and talks about doing "whatever is necessary" for a cause.Saul tells Estes about Carrie's theory that the sniper thing might be a sideshow to something bigger. He says doctors are keeping her longer but doesn't tell him about her actual condition.Dana tells Brody she didn't realize her father knew so much "about anything." She understands why he wanted to come there. He says thing are going to get "pretty wild" and makes her promise to watch out for Jessica when he's not around.Carrie tells Maggie that something big is happening "something dangerous," and she has no time for rest. Carrie runs out of the car through traffic and heads over to a piece of ground where one plant is peeking out. She thinks "this is how everything works."Brody's family goes into town for lunch. He excuses himself and heads into another store. In the back he meets the explosive maker we saw earlier. The man places the vest (which is not armed) onto Brody and explains exactly how to use it. Brody references what will happen to his body after the explosion and they speak in Arabic. He leaves with a package and he hides it in the trunk of their car. Dana catches him and asks about the package. He says it is a surprise for Jessica.A man in the restaurant recognizes Brody and says he'd vote for him. He shakes his hand and introduces him to his family and most of the people in the restaurant.Saul comes to relieve Maggie, who tells him about the "incident." Carrie has been given a sedative and Maggie thinks she needs to rest. Saul goes upstairs to see Carrie, who is in bed. Saul apologizes for what has happened, saying he knew something had happened to her when she returned from Iraq. He says he should have asked "If you were really okay."Downstairs Saul starts looking through the maze of "work" Carrie had been doing during the day. He pauses on something. It's a blown up copy of Aileen's driver's license. He starts grabbing other papers and placing them on the wall, grouping them by the color Carrie used in highlighting information. Eventually he covers the wall with her work.Brody has a meaningful dialogue with Chris near the ice machine. It's clear he's saying goodbye in some way.Jessica tells Brody she's seeing progress with their marriage. She wishes she had said yes earlier to him running for office. She smiles and says "I'm happy." They start to get intimate.The next morning Carrie walks downstairs. She is emotional when she sees that Saul's been up all night looking at her work. It's a timeline for Abu Nazir's activities and they begin to talk through everything. They think during a break in Abu Nazir's activity he may have been mourning and something tragic must have happened. They need to find out what occurred. She tells him about the condition she has had since college. Maggie and Carrie's father Frank arrive to stay with her.The next morning Dana goes into the car and start to open the wrapped package. He catches her just before she can get it open. She is skeptical of his excuse.Frank is trying to help Carrie get through the final stages of her manic period. He can't stop her from making a phone call.Brody and family get home. Dana's boyfriend Xander (Taylor Kowalski) is waiting for her. Carrie calls Brody. She's calling about Abu Nazir and is curious about the period of his life when they think something happened. He asks if it would help if they met.Dana tells Xander her father was strange all weekend. She's taken video of him standing still for what seems like 10 or 15 straight minutes in the parking lot.Carrie gets herself together in anticipation of seeing Brody, applying make-up to cover her wounds from the explosion in the park, fussing over her appearance and what she's wearing.The doorbell rings but it is Estes with several agents. He says Brody called him and "told me everything." Estes mentions the fling and that Brody has said she was harassing him. The are clearing her office and now her home. They start to take down her work which Saul had laid out on the wall and he notices that something is wrong with her. She panics and starts crying as her sister and Estes try to calm her down.
