Carrie brings Frannie to school. She apologizes for the night before. Later she calls Saul, angry he messed up her plans. They agree to meet.Senator Paley comes to the Oval Office and asks President Keane to resign, Keane is defiant and demands how they can possibly think she would have the General killed.Carrie arrives at Saul's secret office, she sees Max and a networking board with her picture. Carrie wants to be the one to break Dante, but Saul doesn't trust her.Keane tells Wellington what Paley said. David again offers to resign. They need proof Simone is lying but haven't heard from Saul. Wellington suggests he go to the Russians directly, she agrees.Carrie interviews Dante while Saul watches on video. Dante rants on about her mental health and meds. She presents the Simone-Russian connection, then shows his travel plans matching Simone's East European travels. Dante is silent, then asks to be allowed to urinate. Carrie has a guard walk him to the washroom.Wellington meets the Russian ambassador. David openly accuses Simone as a Russian operative and if she perjures herself to the Committee the President will consider it to be a hostile act. Viktor claims innocence but Wellington urges him to pass the message to Moscow.Carrie and Dante talk. Carrie tries to suggest both of them have been misused by their agencies and asks for his honesty. Dante flips the story and says Carrie recruited him, he wants a lawyer. Saul curses, he tells Carrie to go home, Maggie has been phoning. Carrie leaves and grabs a mouthful of pills.Senator Paley arrives at a safe-house,a remote cabin; Simone Martin is there. Paley wants to review her upcoming testimony. The $50k was for a friend's gambling debt, not a hit-man.Carrie gets to her sister's house, they had picked Frannie from school. Frannie had had a crying episode at school and had to be taken home early. Maggie has the story of the previous night and says Frannie is being abused. Maggie says she will start proceedings to take custody of the daughter unless Carrie checks into a hospital. Carrie says the country is under attack, she leaves Maggie's and screams in her car, driving away.The Russian ambassador Viktor goes to a function, he meets Yevgeny Gromov in the basement. Viktor says to call off the Simone operation and go home,Moscow has taken Keane's ultimatum to heart.Carrie returns to the office, Saul tells her to go back to Maggie. Carrie says to give Dante a fake lawyer.Gromov meets a woman in an elevator, Simone's lawyer. He wants to know where Simone is, he threatens the lawyer with knowledge of her mother's Medicaid fraud.A lawyer comes to see Dante, he gives a form to sign, Dante signs without reading. The lawyer says he will have him out in a couple of hours and not to talk.Alone, Dante notices a substance on his finger then starts to have chest pains. He collapses crying out for help. Carrie rushes in and says he is having a heart attack, he says it's poison. Saul and the lawyer watch the video feed. Before fainting Dante blurts out Simone told him the Russians killed McLendon. The lawyer says this is enough for a warrant. In the interrogation room the tech is doing chest compressions, Dante's heart really has stopped.Gromov sends two henchmen with guns toward a cabin. The US Marshal armed guards notice movement and move out to check. Saul phones the President and says he has a warrant to arrest Simone. Wellington reveals he told the Russians about Simone, Saul is dismayed to hear that. As he arrives at the cabin too late, Simone is already being kidnapped by the Russians. She is taken to Gromov they hug and kiss and she gets into his SUV. Saul phones Carrie to report they only have Dante now, Carrie gives the bad news Dante is in the hospital in bad shape.
