S5 E7Allison walks up a stairwell, looks over her shoulder, unlocks a door and enters an apartment. She meets Ivan K. She tells him Saul took a thumbdrive and met with During, the two can't figure out why he did that. They conclude Carrie must still be alive. Ivan tells her to talk to Saul even though he is under guard.Carrie reviews files on a laptop. During brings her a coffee. They are in During's house. She hasn't found anything yet.Allison copies files to a usb and goes to see Dar. He is frustrated Saul is sticking to his story. Allison claims the usb was found in her drawer, and asks for a chance to talk to him back in the hotel.Carrie prints out memos about Baghdad and code names. She call a house in Iraq, asking to talk to a man she worked with, many years ago. A girl answered but refused to let Carrie talk to the man.Quinn is recovering and talks to the Syrian, he wants to leave but throws out a price of $10,000 per week to help them. The man, Bibi Hamed, says his rich uncle can pay.Carrie visits During in a tiny chapel on his estate. He is a Catholic. Carrie asks if Laura Sutton can come to help.An Iraqi man whome Carrie couldn't talk to before, phones Carrie. Samir had tried to talk to her five months earlier but she hadn't replied. A lawyer, an intelligence agent, thought to be dead, was seen alive.Quinn meets Dar on the street. He reports he fell in with some jihadists who have asked him to escort them. Dar says signals Intel has heard about a possible attack on Berlin. Quinn mentions the uncle, a man on the CIA hit list and this can be a chance.Saul and Allison talk at the hotel, Saul wants 72 hours to find out what is going on. He turns on loud music then goes to the washroom, with running water to make it louder he quietly admits giving the documents to Carrie. Allison acts pained, when Saul leaves her alone she collapses gasping. She texts someone with her phone and regains her composure.Laura arrives with Numann to meet Carrie. She lets him know his friend Koisinik is dead, but she needs his help to find a man named Ahmed Nazari. They will start by looking for the wife/widow named Jamila Nazari.Allison meets with Ivan, she tells him not to underestimate Carrie. Ivan tells Allison she is the greatest double agent ever, Allison is worried about getting caught.Laura pressures Carrie for the documents.Numann reports Nazari's wife is in Amsterdam. During offers a car from his garage.Quinn and the jihadists load and board a van. Quinn refuses to take one man who has a Jordanian stamp in his passport.Saul is wakened by a door knock. Allison, wants to be together, comes in.In Amsterdam Carrie arrives and switches to a taxi. The driver is an old friend named Hesam, an Iraqi ex-pat. He knows where Jamila she is looking for is, they drive off.Jonas goes to During's to look for Carrie. Otto tells him she went to Holland but not sure why. During also mentions it was mistake hiring the unstable Carrie.After Jamila leaves the house, Carrie tells Hesam to knock on the front door of the house. From a far she sees him have a short conversation, he returns to the car and confirms Nazari is there.Dar once again scolds Saul, an agent is given orders to put him on a plane, Adal leaves the hotel room.Carrie goes to the house after the man, Ahmed Nazari leaves to walk a dog. She enters the courtyard and breaks into the rear door.Saul stalls for time looking for his laundry but is escorted out. Four men flank him in the elevator. In the parking garage black suited gunmen abduct Saul and drive away.Carrie finds a locked safe, Hesam tails the Ahmed who then is taken by two other men, Hesam calls Carrie. As she is about to leave, two Russians enter the house, one opens the safe as Carrie hides. The other notices the broken window and alarms his companion. Carrie jumps out a window and flees as the men fire shots at her. She approaches the cab but Hesam is dead with his throat slit.Saul greets the Israeli Etai Luskin with a hug, saying he is defecting.Carrie drives through the night, she calls Allison. Carrie wants to know about Baghdad, they agree to meet when she returns to Berlin.
