Open with a man creating a handful of pills and giving them to Tasneem.Director Lockhart arrives in Islamabad and speaks with Martha about trying to secure Saul's return. He's told Carrie's sidelined herself after being overruled. Quinn tells Lockhart about Carrie taking the hard line to take out both Lockhart and Saul. Lockhart says they need "all hands" and tells Quinn to go get Carrie.Carrie expresses to Fara that she's feeling guilty about "sending Aayan to his death."Quinn drops by Carrie's place and finds it empty. He calls Carrie and finds out she's working with Max and Fara to find Saul. He tells her that Lockhart wants her and Carrie replies she'll be there soon. After Quinn leaves, we see that Dennis was hiding inside Carrie's place. He takes more pictures of Carrie's medication, then replaces some of her pills with ones we saw made in the pharmacy.Lockhart addresses the station. Redmond tells him the order to keep Saul's capture quiet is hindering their efforts. Carrie arrives and tell Lockhart they have lead related to Haqqani's medical condition.In the vehicle Saul tells Haqqani he's of no strategic importance. Haqqani responds that his presence is the reason he's able to travel freely. Haqqani calls Saul "my human shield" and says he's the reason he'll be able to see his family for the first time in three years.Delegations from the U.S. and Pakistan meet to discuss getting Saul back. Martha is told by the Pakistanis they have nothing to offer Haqqani that would get him to release a prize like Saul. Lockhart takes over and says he is certain the Pakistanis were complicit in Saul's capture. Lockhart says that if Saul isn't returned safely Pakistan's two billion dollar aide package will be put under immediate review. The Pakistani delegation gets up and leaves. Lockhart tells Martha his authority on the matter comes straight from the President. Carrie takes aside Khan and accuses him of taking part of Saul's capture. She references Ghazi and asks to see footage from the airport. He agrees and they plan to meet in the airport in 30 minutes.Carrie returns home and takes some of her pills.Dennis drops by Martha's office. She says she's drafting a letter of resignation because "my position here is no longer tenable." She's upset about the State Department being shut out. Dennis starts trying to talk her out of it.Quinn and Carrie drive to the airport together. She's still convinced taking out Haqqani was the right play, even with Saul in the way, and thinks Saul would agree.At the airport Carrie and Quinn are told the cameras shooting the areas near where Saul disappeared were down that night. Carrie begins to grow suspicious of almost everything around her in a fairly unhealthy way.Max tells Carrie the nurse Aayan met with has disappeared. They assume she has been killed. They're next going to focus on finding Kirin.Redmond is told Haqqani has returned home. The team watches as his vehicle pull up and he receives a celebratory (and very open) greeting. A shoe is thrown at Saul. Haqqani takes the boy, one of his sons, aside and makes him apologize to Saul. Haqqani and his wife share an emotional embrace. The CIA folks discuss their options and it seems clear Haqqani compound is impenetrable. Carrie seems unusually agitated during the discussion. She returns to her room and collapses on the bed.During a meal Saul and Haqqani discuss the war, 9-11, and Al-Qaeda. Saul asks about their strategy and the death's of Aayan and his family. Haqqani points out the misery causes by Christianity.Carrie seems to have having an episode of some kind. Max calls her with word that Kirin just started a shift at the hospital. Carrie practically staggers into her bathroom and grabs more pills.Lockhart is told there are no great options for sending a team in to extract Saul.Carrie goes to the hospital and meets with Kirin. She tells him Aayan went to meet his uncle and wants to know about Haqqani's condition. Carrie is in full-blown panic and can barely see straight. She is approached by a person she sees as Quinn. Carrie attacks the man before fleeing the building. In the street she starts having flashbacks of Sandy's murder. A car pulls up and she hallucinates shooting the two men with a gun she doesn't have. A police car arrives and she's placed in custody while crying hysterically.Haqqani drives Saul to the Afghanistan border.Martha stops by Lockhart's office and says she's been working back channels. She's been told there might be some positive news coming. She doesn't want him involved.Carrie wakes up in a cell wearing a straight jacket. Two men come in and take her somewhere.Saul is brought to a cell. Haqqani tells him there is about to be a high-level prisoner exchange. He tells Saul about Lockhart and the President being involved.Carrie is brought to a stately suburban home. Her straight jacket is removed. A man comes into the room and she sees him as Brody. They talk about whether he's real and she kisses him. She then talks about him being mad at her and whether or not she was okay with his death. She then curls into his lap and starts calling him by the name "Brody." We see that she is actually there with Khan, who asks her "Who is Brody?"
