Open with a man of Middle Eastern descent crossing into the US at the Vermont border. He claims to be there for business.Saul brings Quinn into the loop on the mission with Carrie. He needs his help protecting her. He tells him they think Javadi is on his way into the country. We also learn that Saul is being considered for CIA director and is expected to be told so officially at a hunting retreat. Carrie dumps her meds into the toilet. Javadi meets a man who is waiting for him with a new car and credit card. Dana suggests to Leo they find someplace where nobody knows them. She wants to escape "who we are," but Leo doesn't sound convinced it's possible. While staring down at her Leo lets the car drift across the center lane briefly.Jessica drops by Carrie's place and tells her about Dana and Leo's homicide charge. Carrie says it's a terrible time for her but Jessica makes an emotional plea that works. Carrie uses a burner phone and places a call to FBI Agent Hall, who is on the Brody family detail. He wants nothing to do with her. Her next call is to Max. She tells him she wants set up the "yoga play" and will call him back on her regular phone. She hangs up and calls Max again, making sure he knows they're still on for yoga that morning. Carrie runs into Quinn in the parking lot. He heard all of her phone calls and thinks she's taking a huge mistake not handing Dana off on him. He thinks one of the two surveillance teams on her will figure out and she'll be killed. We see Saul arrive the lodge for the hunting trip. He speaks with Higgins, the president's chief of staff as well as Senator Lockhart. Carrie goes to a yoga class. She walks in and in the back is a woman with the same haircut wearing an identical outfit. This woman will pose as Carrie so she can slip her surveillance. Carrie walks out the back where Max and Virgil are waiting for her with a car. Lockhart requests a private hunting spot with Saul so the two can talk. It is clear Carrie is waiting for Hall at his regular coffee spot. He's running a tad late and Vigil warns Carrie that she may not get back in time for the end of the yoga class. We see Javadi watching a suburban home. A woman and a young boy play in the front yard. Hall finally arrives and Carrie talks to him by his car. She warns that if he doesn't intervene and find Dana the girl could be in danger. And if that happens Carrie promises to expose him as the agent who screwed up. The yoga class ends and Carrie still hasn't arrived. Quinn is forced to help delay one of man following her to allow her time to return. It appears to work. Lockhart and Saul discuss the future of spy work. He tells him that the president has a lot of ideas about ways to change the CIA and much involves more technology and less reliance on in-person agent work. Saul doesn't like it and says he's not going to compromise his feelings to help earn Lockhart's vote for him to be director. Lockhart then drops a bomb: It is he who will be nominated for director and if Saul doesn't go along with his ideas he'll be out of a job. Javadi arrives at luxury home and asks to be shows the interview room.Dana and Leo stop for gas. While inside Dana hears a news report about the two of them being missing. The report describes Leo and his brother's death in a way that doesn't gel with what Leo's told Dana. Dana confronts Leo about it and he is vague, attempting to change subjects. Dana proceeds to jump out of the car and run off. Leo follows, leaving the car in the middle of the street. He admits that playing the game with the gun with his brother was his idea. Dana is furious that Leo lied to her and runs to a police cruiser as it pulls up. Saul calls Carrie. He's furious about the risk she took with Dana and says Quinn believes her tails have disappeared. Saul thinks this means she's been made. That night Higgins makes the formal announcement about Lockhart getting the nomination. Saul offers an impromptu toast of his own where he quickly makes it clear he doesn't care for the appointment. He says Lockhart needs to reach out to the men and women he's spent a career criticizing and walks out before dinner. Dana returns home. She gives her family an awkward "I'm okay," then goes to her room and cries. While watching her place Quinn calls Carrie. They talk about whether or not she's been made and hang up. Saul returns home a day earlier than expected and finds his wife having dinner with a former colleague. He ignores her and goes upstairs.Three men break into Carrie's apartment while she sleeps. They make her strip and check her thoroughly for tracking devices. Quinn senses something might be going on and calls Saul, who advises him to keep his distance. Eventually a concerned Quinn moves in and sees that Carrie is gone. He tells Saul, who is pleased this means the mission is still a go. Carrie is taken to Javidi's interview home in a blindfold. It is removed and she finds herself staring at Javadi inside a small room containing interrogation equipment. He tells Carrie: "You're in good shape. Must be all that yoga."
