Operation "Find Quinn" begins in earnest this week as Carrie attempts to locate and/or help her rogue colleague.This process begins with Carrie confronting Khan over the fact Haqqani has become a folk hero in Pakistan. He's not happy about the developments either and says what happened at the embassy was effectively a coup.Carrie returns to the embassy to survey the damage and meet with the tiny group that has remained behind. They are in charge of shutting the place down, but she's more interested in getting Quinn. She thinks the only outcome is Quinn getting killed, but Max isn't so sure: She wants to find him, he wants to help him.Quinn drops in on a German national/former girlfriend who works in Pakistan. She knows he's on a kill list, but agrees to help him use the burner phones he's found to locate Haqqani.Carrie catches Max opening a safe and gets him to fess up that he's helping Quinn. He had a bag of cash and an ID. Max is still furious about Fara's death and wants Haqqani taken down. Carrie seems gunshy about any mission that could get more agents killed.Quinn's German buddy brings him electronic info that shows the burner phones are all centralized at a two-floor, heavily guarded residence. "You'll never get in," she says.Carrie waits for Quinn in the parking lot under her home. There is clearly no talking him out of going after Haqqani, to the point that he shoots one of the men (in the leg) Carrie brought with her to place him into custody.Quinn does recon. He focuses on grates on the street outside the building where Haqqani is holding up, taking photos of them with his phone.Back at the embassy Carrie gets word that Maggie has called multiple times. They Skype and Maggie says their father has died suddenly. Carrie is devastated and after the call Max comforts her.We see Quinn working on an explosive device of some kind. He makes a comment about getting Haqqani to come to the bomb.Carrie and Maggie speak again. She asks to see her daughter.Lockhart calls Carrie for an update on Quinn. He asks if there is something happening with the Pakistanis. Lockhart is being replaced and has been shut out of national security meetings. Something is up.Quinn approaches Aayan's old girlfriend Kiran. He shows her drone pictures of Aayan's body just after being shot by Haqqani. He asks her for some help.Carrie approaches Quinn's German confidant at her apartment. She wants to know more about Quinn's plan. While there Carrie is brought evidence from the woman's car that Quinn has been working with C-4.Quinn puts the finishing touches on a long cylindrical explosive device. To the top he attaches a large photo of Aayan with writing underneath. The bomb is effectively the handle of a protest sign.Max tells Carrie that the drone footage of Haqqani killing Aayan has been leaked on the internet. The link came from the medical college, along with a call for justice against Haqqani for killing innocent Pakistanis. It includes protest plan for just outside Haqqani's residence.During an ISI security meeting the plan is to let the protests work themselves out, then afterwards to move Haqqani to a safer location. They are very much aware of Quinn and the danger he presents.The protests begin and Quinn is right in the middle of them with his bomb/sigh. Carrie makes her way there as well. During the confusion of the protest Quinn shoves his bomb into the grate, covering it up with the picture of Aayan. He passes Kiran and says "time to go." Quinn climbs to a higher vantage point where he has the detonation controls. Eventually the injured Haqqani is brought to a vehicle and taken from the building. Carrie places herself right at the point where Quinn plans to blow up his bomb. She convinces him that he's completely surrounded and will never escape. "I can't lose you Quinn." Haqqani's vehicle passes over the bomb and he decides not to blow the bomb.Haqqani surfaces from the sunroof of his vehicle to address the crowd. Carrie pulls out her gun, but at the last minute Khan grabs her hand. He show her that Dar Adal is sitting inside the vehicle with Haqqani.
