Open with Saul paying a visit to Mira's ex in custody. He wants him to help their mission in Iran by helping him gain access to a few Mossad agents without answering many questions.In Tehran Brody is questioned by Javadi and another man about how he got to Iran and his reasons for seeking asylum.Carrie checks into a hotel in Tehran posing as a French-speaking foreign national. After checking in she immediately leaves the building.Javadi is called to General Akbari's office.Carrie visits Fara's uncle, who isn't happy the CIA sent him some contraband. He asks some pointed questions about Fara's work and her family, then finally gives Carrie what she came for -- a satellite phone.Javadi finds Akbari reviewing the tape of Brody's interview. Akbari asks for his opinion on Brody and how they should handle him. Javadi thinks they should be careful not to trust Brody too quickly, but points out that he could be an asset in terms of propaganda. At the end of the meeting Javadi suggests that he meet with Brody in person.Carrie calls Saul. He says she has a meeting with two Mossad agents who will help her with the assassination. Saul is watching the area through a satellite feed. After hanging up Carrie notices that she is beginning to show.The Mossad agents give Carrie a cyanide injector to give to Brody. They are able to detonate an explosive nearby the meeting, which should provide Brody the distraction he needs to make his move.Javadi has two men bring Carrie underneath the hotel for a quick meeting. He says Akbari's security team is planning a trip, which could mean a meeting with Brody. She gives him the cyanide needle and Javadi says he should be able to get it to Brody.Saul briefs his team that they expect "closure on our operation" the following morning at 9am. Quinn wonders why Carrie isn't being pulled out before the operation. Saul replies "she doesn't see it that way."Brody is taken from his location. To Carrie's surprise Akbari isn't coming to him. Riding with one of the Mossad agents, she follows Brody to the meeting. Akbari and Brody converge at a specific residence. Saul and his team scramble to figure out who lives there.Brody and Akbari are brought from their respective vehicles in the middle of the street. The Mossad agent waits with his explosive. But just before the two get close enough for physical contact, Akbari smiles and gets back into his vehicle.Brody is taken into the home and brought upstairs. There he finds Nazir's widow. Akbari is using her to vet Brody.Brody and Nazir's widow speak about his family and reason for coming to Iran. She seems to like what she hears.Brody is taken out of the home and is quickly surrounded by Iranian citizens, many holding smartphones. He tells them he's there to seek asylum and find peace. They cheer.SIX DAYS LATERBrody is now officially a tool of the Iranian PR machine. He's on television constantly preaching the "Death to America" stuff. The president is upset and has made that clear to both Saul and Lockhart. Brody will never get close to Akbari again and ignored a recent attempt to extract him. The decision is made to take Brody out so as not endanger Javadi. Saul gives the go-ahead.Saul calls Carrie and tells her to come home. He doesn't mention the order kill Brody. She hangs up and both Adal and Saul realize Carrie won't be coming home right away. Saul tells Adal to "get it done. Right away." Carrie calls Fara's uncle and says she needs a favor.Before Brody enters his mosque to pray, Fara's uncle slips him a phone. Brody goes for a walk and Carrie calls him from across a courtyard. She says she thinks the CIA might be "cutting their losses." She wants him to get in a car with her but he says he has no place to go. Carrie sees that the hit is taking place and points out the two men to Brody. He's able to get away from them.A furious Saul calls Carrie and tells her to come home. She convinced Brody is still working for them and hangs up on him.Brody makes his way to the home of Nazir's widow. He tells her he must speak with Akbari about Javadi. Brody arrives at Akbari's office.Back in Langley they get word of Brody's actions from Javadi. Lockhart assumes Brody knows the CIA tried to kill him and he's going to destroy the whole operation.Brody gets alone with Akbari in his office. He tells him everything about Javadi and his mission to assassinate to install Javadi in his place. He then grabs an ashtray and hits Akbari over the head, knocking him out. Brody then grabs a pillow from the couch and covers Akbari's face, killing him. He grabs a phone and calls Carrie: "I killed him. Get me out of here."
