Carrie is watching and re-watching video of Brody's meeting with Hamid.In a meeting Carrie suggests that they polygraph everybody who met with Hamid while he was in custody. Saul defends the idea and it gets approved. Afterward Carrie tells Saul this is her great plan to get Brody.Brody is finishing a speech for Walker's memorial. Their family will be hosting the reception afterwards. Jessica tells him about not getting along with Walker's wife.Carrie does well in her polygraph, though there is a blip when she says she hasn't taken illegal drugs since working at the CIA. Estes is pretty grouchy during his polygraph.Saul goes to Faisel's home. A neighbor says he kept to himself, but mentions that there was a woman there living with him.A panicked Faisel and his female companion are on the run in her car. He's very nervous and she attempts to keep him calm. She apologizes for "dragging you into this."Brody speaks at the service. He takes the podium and flashes back to beating Walker to death. After a few words Brody stands at attention and begins calling the name and rank of every Marine at the service. Each answers "present." He gets to Walker and calls his name three different times. It is an emotional moment. After the service Carrie tells Brody he needs to appear the following day for a polygraph.Saul tells Estes about the woman in Faisel's life. He also asks about being re-assigned to the field.Faisel and his girlfriend arrivie at a rural home. They go on the porch and look inside. She notices a bomb trigger connected to the front door and tells Faisel they need to leave. They get in the care and take off. We see somebody in a car watching. Faisel is now even more panicky but she continues to tell him he needs to relax.At the reception following the funeral Brody's men ask him how they were taken. He gives them a story and an injured former soldier named Lauder tells Brody he's full of it. He wants to know why Brody is all of a sudden working to help the military recruiting effort. He also begins to talk about Mike being with Jessica while Brody was gone. Mike punches the crippled Lauder in the face a few times. Brody pulls Mike off and starts beating Mike. Brody gets in his car and leaves.Carrie has figured out that Faisel's girlfriend is Aileen Morgan. They have a mug shot of her protesting a G4 summit but don't know much else. Saul is grabbed for his polygraph. Aileen is a rich girl and lived in Saudi Arabia for four years during part of which time Faisel was also in the country.There is a blip in Saul's polygraph when he's asked about passing Hamid a razor blade. The questioner tells him to relax and Saul says he can't with what it happening right now. He gets up and says he'll finish the test tomorrow.Saul returns to the Aileen meeting. Carrie brings up the possibility that Aileen is the terrorist. Brody calls Carrie and tells him he can't do the polygraph because "I'm a mess."Carrie meets Brody at a bar. He mentions the fight with his best friend and she talks about pretending not to know him at the questioning. They start drinking pretty heavily together. Outside in the parking lot they both seem pretty loaded. Carrie "slips" and tells him about the razor blade he will be questioned during the polygraph test. They start kissing and fall into her car. They have brief drunken sex.Faisel is still freaking out and wants them to turn themselves in. Aileen suggests going to Mexico. She goes to the bathroom. A car pulls in front and machine gun fire riddles the door, killing Faisel. A frantic Aileen is able to escape out the bathroom window.Saul tells Mira (Sarita Choudhury) he put in for the New Delhi station. She says she doesn't want him to come with her. She "needs" to go alone. He asks for how long and she says she doesn't know. It sounds like she's leaving him for good.Brody gets home the next morning just as the kids are leaving for school.Carrie watches Saul's polygraph the next day and hears him talk about the trouble with his marriage. He seems to do well with the razor blade question.Brody arrives for his polygraph. He appears to pass with flying colors and Carrie looks stunned. She asks the questioner to ask about the razor blade a second time, still nothing. She then wants him to ask Brody if he's ever been unfaithful to his wife. He says "no" and still passes. Carrie tells Saul that he's lying, but doesn't tell him how she knows.Carrie sees Brody pull up in his car in the parking lot. He tells her to get in. She does and they drive off.
