Open with Carrie showing up at Saul's place. He's not home and Mira references the restaurant incident. She responds with a remark about being screwed over in front of a Congressional committee.A woman wearing the traditional Muslim head scarf arrives at Langley. She's given several dirty looks as she walks in and shows ID. Her name is Fara and she's an analyst there to help Saul with financial transactions. Saul and Quinn aren't particularly warm and Quinn seems upset that she's only been with the CIA a week.Adal calls Saul away from his meeting to tell him Carrie has contacted a reporter and will likely spill the beans about Brody. He gives Saul a head's up that he's going to take care of this problem.We see a frantic Carrie meet with a reporter. She sounds less-than-sane as she talks about being a target. Three police officers arrive to cut the interview short and say they have a psychiatric detention order.Dana and Jessica meet with a therapist. He asks her about her re-entry into the real world. Dana talks about the difficulty of being related to Brody. The topic of the bathroom being remodeled comes up. Jessica tells Dana she had not choice but to change the bathroom because she couldn't get the blood out of the grout. After the session Dana spots Leo, who is still in full-time treatment. They exchange mouthed "I miss yous."Carrie meets with a doctor. She tells him he can tell the CIA that she will "stand down." He brings up the fact that she is no longer taking medication. Carrie says she cannot take the meds, again referencing missing the bombing.When Fara tells Saul she hasn't found anything directly linking Iran with banks funds, he makes a nasty comment about her wearing a Hijab. She gets emotional and suggests they questions employees of several banks and ask about some suspicious wire transfers.At home Dana retreats to her bedroom and covers her face with a pillow. She walks to the bathroom and turns on the water.Quinn visits Carrie in the hospital. He warns her that there were things which happened before the attack she's not even aware of . He tells her to be careful and she screams at him to leave.Jessica can't find Dana anywhere in the house. Cut to her standing outside Leo's window at the hospital. She texts him and he directs her to a side door. It's locked and he kicks out a fan to let her in. Dana said she needed to see him and they kiss. Clothes start coming off.While Carrie's father and sister prepare for her hearing Saul shows up at the door. Saul tells them he's on Carrie's side and says they need to keep her out of sight so she can "level out."Post-sex Dana talks about them not being "defective." She blames the world around them. Security guards find them and break up the scene.Quinn shows up at Carrie's hearing as a character witness. Maggie arrives with medication for Carrie and she starts to panic. Frank confronts her about going to the press with classified information and she goes on a Saul rant. As the hearing begins Carrie makes a break for the door and has to be restrained.Saul and Fara meet with the bankers who hid funds for Javadi. Quinn sits in. Saul and Fara explain that money which came through their institution was used to finance the CIA bombing. Fara uses strong language about needing to know the origin of the funds. The bankers leave the meeting indignantly.Jessica picks up Dana. She thinks Leo is unstable and not what Dana needs right now. When Dana gets home she brings Jessica to the bathroom. She says her suicide attempt wasn't a cry for help, that she really wanted to die. But now she wants to live and a big part of the reason is Leo. Dana blames Brody for ruining their lives.Quinn tells Saul he's not okay with the agency's course of action and plans to leave after they're finished. He doesn't like how Carrie is being treated. Saul thinks everything will eventually be worth it but Quinn isn't so sureQuinn confronts one of the bankers at a restaurant. Quinn threatens him that if he doesn't give them the information they need he might be in trouble.Quinn's intimidation worked. Fara tells Saul that all signs are pointing towards Iran. She tells Saul that a quarter of the banks' fees for processing prohibited fees ($45 million) is missing. Saul tells her to make that lost money her top priority and that she should keep this between the two of them.Carrie is strapped to a gurney and sedated.Dana looks through old family pictures in the garage. While there she finds Brody's prayer mat. She kneels on it and bows her head.Saul is brought to see Carrie, who is so drugged up she can barely speak. He apologizes to her and she turns away.
