S7 E3Carrie is nervous and fidgety waiting for Dr. Meyer. She asks for more or stronger meds, her lithium is ineffective, but the doctor is cautious and notices her head wound. Carrie is having trouble with impulse control, denies being suicidal but doesn't want to lose Frannie.Saul and a fleet of FBI SUVs stop in front of a cabin, Saul goes alone up the driveway, he asks the young man with a dog to see O'Keefe.Carrie comes home, her sister arrives in the kitchen, worried where Carrie was. The sisters squabble a bit. Carrie has a sedative from the doctor, she's worried for the future. Maggie prepares the sedative.O'Keefe covered by armed backers comes to talk to Saul, he refuses to surrender. Saul still wants to parley, O'Keefe needs time to think. Saul then phones Wellington and Keane to update, she gives him authority to deal.Going to a cabinet meeting Wellington urges Keane to let O'Keefe go, the President wants him in custody. On the table the Chairman of the JCS requests permission to strike an arms convoy travelling from Iran to Syria, Keane is upset as she already denied the same request the previous week, she wants no escalation.O'Keefe is puzzled why Saul seems willing to negotiate, the home owner, Bo Elkins, says he will bring more supporters.Carrie naps and is woken up by her phone buzzing. She tries to go back to bed but someone raps on her door. It's Dante Allen, he wants her to come, Carrie is half asleep. He has ID'd the photo she sent as a Simone Martin, an old friend of David Wellington and now working for an NGO, moving to DC 4 months ago. Carrie wants out, saying she is sick, bipolar, but he still convinces her to come with him. Martin's car was ticketed close to where General McLendon was being kept.Saul has a chat with O'Keefe at a picnic table. The DJ says he's just exercising his 1st Amendment rights, both want both sides to lay down their guns. Saul accuses him of peddling lies, O'Keefe gets angry, preaching simple conservative values. Saul says they will jam his broadcasts, but offers him a way out.Dante and Carrie spy on a house, Simone Martin is inside. Dante says his ex was bipolar, he's an alcoholic. Finally Martin leaves, Carrie goes to look around and tells Dante to follow the woman. Carrie breaks into a side window. She finds a receipt, takes a photo, then turns on a PC. She finds photos in a night table and photos them too.Saul calls Wellington and Keane again, asking for amnesty for O'Keefe's supporters and a public trial. Keane needs convincing. O'Keefe tells his girlfriend Sharon something is about to happen.Carrie is pulled over as she leaves the house, the police had a tip on a break-in. Her feeding a friends cat story doesn't fly and she is taken to the Precinct.Sharon warns Saul and the FBI just as a larger group of local reinforcements arrive on ATVs and pickups, they grab Saul. The FBI move in with guns drawn and things get tense, Saul is released but an armed standoff starts.Carrie is frantic as she is brought in, a detective tries to interview her but Carrie gets abusive, then pleads to be let go and not call social services. Carrie is dragged to a fingerprint scanner.Wellington updates the President about the siege. Wellington strongly suggests the Syrian air strike to change the news cycle and to give a little on her principles.At night the FBI solidifies the standoff with more men and equipment. Saul will watch with a large coffee.Carrie is released from a cell to Dante, the cops are doing him favor.After the President goes to sleep Wellington calls the JCS Chairman Gen. Rossen, to authorize the strike. Rossen is suspicious but accepts the confirmation code.Dante says there is no record of the arrest. Carrie says she has a photo of the parking ticket and she downloaded Martin's hard drive. Carrie asks to stop the car and needs fresh air. Relieved, Carrie explains about the trouble she had with Children's Services in NYC. The two sit on the curb quietly.
