Carrie is back inside the mill searching for Nazir by herself. She thinks she hears something, but the terrorist is nowhere to be found.Outside Carrie sees that dozens of CIA and FBI agents have arrived on the scene. Quinn tells her to remain outside while several units begin to search. Carrie tells Quinn she escaped, but doesn't tell him about Brody. Quinn tells her Vice President Walden has died, apparently due to his pacemaker's malfunctioning.Brody and Jessica talk about how much has changed. It seems their marriage is officially over. At the safe house Brody gets a call from Carrie. She updates him on the search for Nazir and says she didn't tell Quinn about Brody's involvement with Walden's death. She's concerned about what Nazir might say when they catch him, but Brody doesn't seem to care.A furious Saul is taken to an interrogation room in the basement where he has a brief but cordial discussion with Larry (James Urbaniak) as he is connected to a polygraph machine. A man (Chance Kelly) Saul doesn't know comes into room to ask him questions. Saul angrily calls the interrogation a "farce" and tells the interrogator that the real reason he's there is that he's uncovered a plan to assassinate a U.S. Congressman once Nazir is out of the picture. Among other things, Saul is queried about the circumstances surrounding Aileen Morgan's suicide ("The Clearing (2012)") while in custody, and whether Saul supplied her with the means (his glasses).The initial sweep of the mill does not turn up Nazir. Quinn leads another search.Carrie tells Quinn that if Nazir somehow got away with so many personnel surrounding the building, then he must have had help from someone working for them. She asks who was directing the search; Quinn replies that it was himself, along with Danny Galvez. They then learn that Galvez recently left the area. Carrie concludes that Galvez, a Muslim, must have smuggled Nazir out of there. They track down Galvez (Hrach Titizian) and search his car but find no trace of Nazir. Galvez explains that he was rushing to the hospital because his stitches from his bullet wounds had opened up.Dana is beginning to go stir crazy. She doesn't understand why they're still at the safe house and blows up about there not being any milk. This leads to her telling Brody Mike was a much better father to them than he ever was.Carrie and Quinn return to Langley. Estes wants them to question Roya Hammad and tells Quinn he doesn't think Carrie is the best person for the job.Carrie washes her face and notes the bruises on her body. She spots Hammad being led into an interrogation room and heads inside without talking to anybody else. She talks to Hammad about her recent dialogue with Nazir in an attempt to achieve some sort of rapprochement. Hammad starts asking Carrie some non-specific questions that have particular meaning to Carrie and her relationship to Brody. The reporter reveals that she has been playing Carrie and quickly launches into a screaming tirade, calling her a "slut whore."Outside the room an emotional Carrie apologizes to Quinn, saying she thinks she ruined their chance to get information out of Hammad. He is sympathetic and sends her home.The man who led Saul's polygraph questioning gives Estes his report. He thinks there is enough there for Estes to get rid of Saul or tie him up in investigations. But the man mentions to Saul that the machine said Saul's comments about the assassination were the truth, though he has left that part out of the report.On Carrie's way home she thinks of something and makes a sudden U-turn. She calls Quinn and says something Hammad yelled about Nazir not ever running from anything struck her as significant. She thinks Nazir might never have left the tunnels in the mill and is heading back.At the mill Carrie finds that almost everyone has left. Only one tactical team is still on site and she asks them to help her with one more sweep.Estes tells Saul he wants him out of the agency, regardless of how it happens. Saul brings up the agreement they had made to Brody, who has delivered on his end. Estes reminds him they don't make deals with terrorists. He can no longer tolerate the fact Saul consistently undermines him.While searching with one of the team members Carrie spots something strange with one of the walls that could indicate a hidden space. They find a room where Nazir clearly had been hiding out. The man thinks it's empty, but as soon as Carrie goes back to summon the rest of the team, he has his throat slit by Nazir. Carrie runs when she returns and finds the Tac Team member dead on the floor. She hides the best she can, but the terrorist eventually grabs her and throws her against a wall. At this point other members of the team arrive and corner Nazir, who drops to his knees in prayer. But when he reaches into his shirt he is shot to death.Outside Nazir's body is loaded onto a truck. Estes congratulates Carrie on a job well done, as they would certainly have lost him if she hadn't returned to the scene. Estes takes Quinn aside and tells him now is the time to finish off Brody. The Brody family will be returning to their home and their protection detail will be removed. Estes wants him to make it look as if it was in retaliation for Nazir's death.Jessica and one of the agents tell Brody about Nazir's death. Brody is emotional and his reaction somewhat surprises the kids. The agent tells them they can now go home.The Brody family returns to their home. The kids go inside. Jessica asks if Brody is coming inside and he says "I can't." They have their long-overdue discussion about what went wrong in their marriage. They are resigned to the fact that their marriage is over. She is tired of arguing and he is about to tell her what he was planning (the bombing) on the day Elizabeth Gaines was killed ("Marine One (2011)") when Jessica says she no longer feels the need to know the truth anymore. They agree to separate and begin to talk about how to parent their children.Brody drops by Carrie's place. He tells her that he basically had to choose between Walden and her and "it was never close." They embrace and he goes inside.Quinn is watching them from the street.
