Open with a groggy and confused Carrie waking up in bed. She staggers to the patio and finds Khan there. She asks him some questions and attempts to piece together the previous evening's events. She doesn't remember much. She tries to leave but can barely walk. Khan puts her back into bed and tells her she needs to rest. Cut to Quinn, Lockhart and Martha talking about Carrie and Saul. They are heading to a meeting with the Pakistanis. Khan arrives for the meeting and an angry Tasneem tells him he intervened in her plan to get rid of Carrie. Had he just left her on the street, she thinks Carrie would have been sent home. Khan seems irritated he wasn't kept in the loop. The meeting begins and a live feed from Saul's cell is put on the screen. Saul gets on camera and yells for them not to give in to any demands. Haqqani then sits in the seat and gives the list of prisoners he'd like released in exchange for Saul. At least one of them is a pretty dangerous terrorist. The plan is to reconvene the following day. As Saul is being moved back he tries to fight off the guards. It was merely a distraction so he can secretly grab a nail off of a nearby rock. Carrie goes to Khan's bathroom and takes the other pill she brought. She thinks better of it at the last minute. Khan walks in and Carrie tells him somebody messed with her meds. He denies involvement but she doesn't seem to buy it. She leaves. Back at the embassy Carrie has bloodwork done and gets replacement meds. Quinn comes in and she tells him there has been a breach and somebody on the inside is working against them. She wants to meet, discreetly, with Quinn and Lockhart. Lockhart tells Carrie what Haqqani wants in exchange for Saul. The men are top of his leadership team and they all agree they can't give in to such demands. They don't want to let Saul die, but there doesn't seem to be a good option at the moment. After Lockhart leaves Carrie tells Quinn she ended up at Khan's place but doesn't remember much of the evening. After some struggle Saul is able to pick his handcuffs. Lockhart tells Martha about the breach. She begins the process of rebooting their security. He doesn't know how she can work alongside people who hate her. After Lockhart leaves Dennis comes into the office. She asks Dennis not to leave the embassy for a period, then tells him there's been a breach. Saul pretends to attempt suicide. When a guard comes into the room he turns the tables and chokes him out. Carrie's phone rings. It's Saul, who has managed to escape. She goes to get Quinn and they rush to the command room. They direct Saul to a ridgeline. Quinn tells him there is a town 20 miles away. The CIA has an asset named Shan in the town. Saul asks to speak with Carrie alone. He makes her promise that if the escape plan doesn't work she will drop a bomb "on the whole thing." Saul won't be a pawn in the prisoner exchange process. He makes her promise it will be "escape or die." The next morning Lockhart and Carrie plan to attend the meting with the Pakistanis, then return to handle Saul's pick-up by a special forces team. Prior to the next meeting, Dennis tells Tasneem that the CIA knows somebody tampered with Carrie's meds. She says she has another job for him and passes him a note. Khan witnesses this exchange. During the meeting Carrie notices the Pakistanis don't seem worried at all, despite the fact their prized asset has escaped. Saul reaches the city and walks into the grocery owned by the asset. He makes contact and the man agrees to help him.During the meeting Carrie figures out why the Pakistanis seems to calm. She leaves and Lockhart follows. She tells him the Pakistanis must know exactly where he is, having trailed the movement of their drone to the town. On their way into town the Special Forces team runs into a Taliban roadblock. They have to turn around and take longer route. Carrie calls Saul and tells him the plans have changed. She directs him to a park near a hospital on the edge of town. Saul leaves with Shan's phone and his gun. The Special Forces runs into yet another roadblock. They exchange gunfire but are forced to retreat. It will be hours before they can get to Saul. Via the drone Carrie and her team can see Saul's town is crawling with Taliban. As she attempts to direct Saul to safety he notices the city is crawling with Taliban. He sits down in a small square and pulls out his gun, preparing to end his life rather than be taken prisoner. Carrie manages to convince him they still have a way to get him out of the town and to safety. It is a lie. Saul is eventually recaptured and he screams that Carrie lied to him. Lockhart returns to the meeting. He sits down and immediately says the U.S. will meet Haqqani's demands. Carrie sits with Quinn and they discuss how hopeless their situation seems. She feels guilty for betraying Saul. Carrie is summoned to a secret meeting with Khan. He tells once again that it wasn't him who messed with her meds. She says she knows he is telling the truth because she remembers some of their time together when she was hallucinating. He then blurts out that it was Dennis Boyd who switched Carrie's pills.
