S7 E2The radio DJ O'Keefe laments the death of General McLendon, of a supposed heart attack. O'Keefe hints at something more and calls the President a Hitler in the White House.The President is briefed. She orders staff to find out what happened with the General. David Wellington her Chief of Staff urges her to release Saul Berenson and 200 others.O'Keefe greets his fans outside his rural house. A fan says an important Civil War battle was close by. A rebel shows his O'Keefe tattoo.Carrie talks to a doctor about her credit card debts and lifestyle. Carrie tries to explain her oath and lithium meds. The doctor says the lithium may become ineffective.Wellington sees Saul in jail, to offer him release as NSA Advisor. Saul refuses but Wellington says they need to move forward.Carrie comes home upset. She reviews her laptop and a security video.Saul in a new suit meets the President. He says he was always on her side.Carrie sees a woman with a piece of paper on the video, she takes a screen grab and sends to Dante. She then calls him asking for an ID. Her sister enters, with something to show.President Keane holds a presser to announce Saul as NSA and release of the 200. Carrie watches it on TV and is puzzled.Saul takes questions and deflects the tough ones. He goes to his office to start work. Wellington gives an update and wants O'Keefe muzzled.Carrie gives her daughter a goodnight kiss. The girl is happy with their new home. Carrie flops on her own bed but then opens her laptop. She scans an anti-President forum. She posts the screenshot of the woman on a thread. In the morning someone sends her a JPEG. She is hacked by ransom-ware and instructed to pay $5000. Scrambling, she has her sister take Frannie.O'Keefe and his buddies exercise their 2nd Amendment rights. He is a poor shot but says they are fighting tyranny.Max says her laptop is locked. He says to pay the ransom but she is broke. He offers $753 to help, a voice comes over the laptop saying the price has doubled to $10,000 in Bitcoin. She pleads for more time, he gives her 24 hrs.Keane and Wellington meet Sam, an Arizona state senator. Sam is suspicious of McLendon's death and is leading a House SubCommittee. Wellington warns of next November's midterm elections.Carrie steels herself and tries to contact the voice on the laptop, the price has gone to $20,000. The voice thinks he has her but Carrie laughs and dares him to contact Wellington. Carrie suggests an exchange of sexual services, she unbuttons her blouse. He tells her to remove her bra, and fondle her nipples and breasts, she slams the laptop closed and demands a personal meeting.Saul and the FBI are at a small storefront location. Two cops are prisoners.O'Keefe is bandaged by his girlfriend. He is on the run from the Feds and thanks his host.Saul talks to one of the cops who protected O'Keefe, he wants The DJ and says he wants to talk face to face with him.Carrie drives to a dark alley, the voice directs her further.Saul tells the FBI he will see O'Keefe alone.Carrie approaches a green door and enters an old factory. She follows her instructions then is told to put down the phone. A young man appears behind her and says to take off her shirt. She struggles with her zipper, then turns around as ordered. As he draws close she fights back and beats him with a metal rod. He whimpers and unlocks her laptop. She threatens him, gives him a painful kick, and leaves with the laptop.
