In Beirut, informant Fatima Ali (Clara Khoury) is at prayer. She walks out of the mosque and runs into Carrie. Ali takes her someplace safe and tells Carrie her husband is planning to meet with Nazir about an attack. She overheard him on the phone talking about the meeting, which is supposed to take place the next day.Brody attends a fundraiser sponsored by a weapons company. While there Vice President William Walden tells him the Israelis are having trouble destroying an Iranian nuclear plant and are having their efforts to acquire an American bomb blocked by the president. Walden feels the responsibility is his, and wants Brody to help him convince the Secretary of Defense (a former Marine). Walden's wife Cynthia (Talia Balsam) wants Jessica to help her raise money for a group of wounded veterans.Carrie shows up at Saul's Beirut safe house. He's overjoyed she's safe, but isn't thrilled when Carrie says she's met with Ali without him present. Saul was supposed to be there to help gauge Ali's reliability. She tells him about the possible Nazir meeting.Estes Skypes with Carrie and Saul along with a representative of the tactical section. The location of the meeting is in a dense residential section with lots of unknown area, which Saul thinks makes it possible that the meeting is a ploy to kill U.S. soldiers. Estes thinks the story is a little dubious and isn't happy Saul wasn't there for the meeting. Carrie points out Ali has been the victim of domestic violence for years and she thinks she wants out. Estes mentions a "Black Hawk Down (2001)" situation would be devastating for the U.S.Jessica and Dana go the Vice President's residence. In the driveway, Jessica asks her about Brody's prayer. Walden's wife tells Jessica she'd like Brody to be the keynote speaker for the fundraiser.Upstairs in the library, Dana runs into Finn Walden (Timothée Chalamet). They seem to hit it off.Saul and Estes discuss the situation on the phone, with Estes asking Saul to make the final decision. Saul says he wasn't in favor of Carrie being there in the first place. Carrie hears this from the next room and seems to have a panic attack or episode of some sort. She staggers to the roof where Saul meets her. She admits that being wrong about Brody damaged her because "I've never been so sure and so wrong." She tells Saul that she understands him not trusting her at this point, but when she first brought in Ali as an asset she was thinking clearly. She asks him to trust that version of herself.The operation is a go.While preparing to leave for his meeting with Walden, Brody gets a surprise visit from Mike Faber (Diego Klattenhoff) who asks Brody to look into what he and the rest of the guys from their unit feel are unlikely circumstances surrounding Walker being a lone shooter. Brody agrees to see what he can do in terms of looking at classified information.The mission to get Nazir is "capture or kill." Saul and Carrie will stay in the safe house until the mission. There is a capture team in place, along with several snipers.Carrie asks Saul why he stopped calling. He says her doctor said he'd remind her of work.Brody arrives for his meeting with Walden. Walden pulls Brody into the command center to watch the Nazir mission. The mission begins and several trucks begin arriving. The capture team is outnumbered and they shift the mission to kill only. Ali's husband and Nazir's lieutenant arrive. Once Brody realizes what is happening, he grabs his cell phone and sends a text message reading "May 1." Eventually Nazir (Navid Negahban) arrives. But as soon as he gets out of his vehicle he is handed a phone. This allows the split-second needed to get back in the truck and avoid being killed. The room realizes that somebody warned Nazir.Saul and Carrie race to Ali's place to get her to safety. When they arrive, Carrie asks if her husband had anything important in the apartment. Against Saul's wishes she races inside. While Carrie is gone an angry mob begins to form. Upstairs Carrie is able to grab a satchel of files, but by this time the SUV is being seriously damaged and Saul must leave her. Carrie is able to elude capture, ducking gunshots and running across rooftops and then down onto the street where Saul's security agent grabs her and hustles her into the vehicle.Brody meets with Roya Hammad (Zuleikha Robinson), who passes along thanks from Nazir. He's upset, telling her "I'm not your guy." But she says Brody's role is now more important and says that Nazir needs him.Brody meets with his Marine Corps buddies at a bar. They're upset when Brody has no new information for them. Brody assures them that the real truth is that Walker broke and gave up everybody's position. There is no other explanation, he says, other than Walker being a traitor.Dana tells Brody about things getting more friendly between her and Finn.Carrie is dropped back off at home.Saul's agent looks through everything Carrie grabbed from Ali's apartment but there doesn't seem to be anything useful. After he goes to bed Saul notices something hard stitched into the lining of the backpack flap. It is a memory card of some sort and Saul plugs it into his laptop. What pops up is the video of Brody, in his uniform prior to his suicide mission ("Marine One (2011)"), explaining to the camera why he was doing what he was about to do.
