Homeland S6 E8The alt-right shock jock Britt O'Keefe holds a panel slagging Andrew Keane's military performance. Another man comes to appear on the show but is nervous and O'Keefe tries to stiffen him up during a commercial break.Keane dresses somberly and opens her locket.Back on the O'Keefe show they disparage Captain Keane blaming him for cowardice and the loss of many men. Capt.Keane was shot by a sniper in the back.Keane meets her new cabinet for a briefing.Saul goes to a homeless shelter, Javadi is hiding there and impatient. Saul hasn't approached Keane yet.Saul then goes to Carrie's house, Max is there. Carrie is depressed and hasn't left Frannie's room. Although not the best time, Saul asks for her help.Quinn and Astrid walk in the woods. Later she goes for a run leaving him alone. After she leaves he checks her purse on the kitchen table, finds a bundle of cash and pills and a US Passport with his photo. He also finds a satellite phone and gun in the SUV, he empties the magazine and replaces the weapon where he found it. He tosses the bullets in the lake.Saul shows Carrie the foster house where Frannie is, he prevents her from going to see her daughter. Saul then briefs her on his Abu Dhabi trip and Javadi. Saul hints there are treasonous forces at work in the US to undermine the Iran NuclearDeal. Carrie explains in return about Dar Adal, Agent Conlin's murder and Sekou Bah's bombing.Quinn is in a grocery store with Astrid and thinks he sees the bomber, the man cashes out and goes to a brown pickup.On the drive back he sees the brown truck at a motel. He doesn't say anything to Astrid. Back at the safehouse Quinn asks who's house this is, she admits Dar Adal set it up. He is angry and puzzled why she even came there to help him, accusing her of meeting the man in the grocery. Blowing up, he slugs her in the solar plexus and takes off in the vehicle. He goes to the motel.Javadi plays chess with another man at the shelter, but then gets a text and he leaves the centre. He is surprised to see Carrie driving a Volvo to pick him up. They chat on the drive, Javadi says he had Brodie buried in a nice spot in a cemetary of martyrs. Saul and Keane wait at a hangar. Keane is suspicious. Saul introduces Javadi and the parley begins. Javadi surprisingly does a 180 and recants what he said to Saul, Iran is reneging on the nuclear deal and Mossad and US know about it. Keane is angry and leaves. Javadi then admits to Saul he made a new deal with Dar Adal.Adal and O'Keefe watch combat video from Iraq and the death of Capt Keane. The video shows he died trying to save his men, but O'Keefe re-edits the video to show the opposite and emphasize the cowardice. Dar is pensive and reviews the new video.Quinn lies in wait then knocks out a guy, but it is the wrong man; just a young guy with a similar brown pickup. He returns to the cabin. Astrid is ready to go, upset that he punched her. He tries to apologize and says he needs her. They make amends. A laser sight flashes and a shot wounds Quinn. Astrid goes for her gun in the car before Quinn can explain. Astrid is then shot and killed as her handgun clicks empty. Quinn tries to evade the shooter but is shot at and falls into the lake, the gunman fires several more times into the water. With silence and still water, the man leaves. Shortly after Quinn arises from the water gasping.
