Open with Saul bringing Mira breakfast in bed. They seem very happy together.Quinn and Carrie search for possible suspects among the bombing survivors. They're looking for connections to Bennett's firm, but seem to be coming up short. Fara is noticeably absent from work.We see Fara sitting in her car in the CIA parking lot. After some time she drives away.Saul meets with the Chief of Staff Higgins and Lockhart. Higgins isn't thrilled to learn that Saul had Javadi in custody, but Saul assures them they have their best-ever Iranian asset. Saul asks Lockhart to leave based on security clearance and shows Higgins his full plan with regard to Javadi. Saul wants to move Javadi up the chain of command in Iran and has a plan to do so.Mira meets with her boyfriend. She tells him she's going to try and make her marriage work, essentially breaking up with him. He's not happy.Saul tells Adal that Higgins is taking his plan to the president. Adal likes what Saul is doing.Carrie is upset Saul doesn't seem as interested in finding the real CIA bomber as she is. Quinn and Carrie's plan to flush the bomber out is for Adal to make contact with Bennett.Fara returns home to her Iranian father. He clearly doesn't know what she does for a living and is curious why they don't have more money is she is, in fact, working in finance.Adal meets with Bennett at a restaurant. He gives him the head's up that his firm is being investigated and the following morning Bennett will be brought up at a high-level terror meeting. He wants him to come clean, but Bennett blows him off.Franklin organizes a meeting with Carrie. Franklin tells him that Bennett wants her to get information about the CIA's investigation into the firm.Carrie calls Saul from her burner and tells him about the contact with Franklin. The plan is to wait a day and have Carrie tell Franklin the CIA knows the bomber's identity. Carrie asks for personal time. Saul hangs up and tells Mira he'll be going out of town for a few days.Carrie has her first OB appointment for the baby. It seems that Brody is the father, which is why she's so concerned with clearing his name. The doctor tells Carrie she'll need to change her lifestyle if she wants a healthy baby.Someone drops by Fara's place from the CIA. They're aware she sat in the parking lot and went home, and her loyalties are being questioned. He tells her to make sure she comes to work the following day and leaves. Fara's father hears this and realizes what she's doing for a living. He thinks she's putting their family back in Iran in extreme danger.We see a CIA briefing. The next stage of the firm investigation will involve surveillance of both Franklin and Bennett.Carrie tells Franklin the CIA thinks the bomber is still in the U.S. He confirms it and Carrie says there is a pending warrant for Bennett as a co-conspiracy.Franklin calls Bennett, who advises him to get the bomber out of the country. It sounds like they weren't aware of the bombing until after the fact. Carrie listens to this.We see Mira's now ex-boyfriend sneak into her home and plant surveillance hardware on her computer.Franklin arrives at the motel to meet with the bomber. Before going inside he places a silencer on a handgun. Carrie wants to intervene and keep the suspect alive, but Adal says her going in would compromise the entire Javadi plan. Carrie doesn't stand down and heads towards the hotel to step in. After repeated warnings Quinn shoots Carrie in the arm to stop her. Franklin kills the bomber, places his body in the bathtub and fills it with acid. Carrie is rushed to the hospital. It seems like an artery has been hit. On the ride she thinks something is wrong and wants to know why Saul wasn't there.We see Saul arrive in Venezuela at the tower. He gives El Nino's people $10 million in cash and is taken to see Brody.
