Carrie and Virgil (David Marciano) have been surveilling Saudi diplomat Al Zahrani.Saul is briefing the department about Al Zahrani who is $750,000 in debt and despite his three wives and 10 children, is a closeted homosexual. They have video and photos of him with men in a bathhouse. They need to find a way to get Al Zahrani to talk, and the answer may be the equity bank that holds most of his debt.Carrie meets with a bank representative and asks "how would you like to cause him some pain?" and says the CIA wants to borrow the bank.Brody gets a surprise visit from Vice President Walden (Jamey Sheridan) and his Secret Service protective detail. After the detail has secured the Brody home, the Vice President asks them to "clear the room." He then says he wants Brody to run for Congress in the upcoming special election for Representative Richard Johnson's recently vacated seat. He says he needs to discuss it with Jessica.A representative from the State Department doesn't like the CIA's plan of meeting with Al Zahrani for two hours during his lunch break. Saul and Estes (David Harewood) don't seem to care. The plan is for Carrie to run the interrogation, because her being a woman could throw him off.Carrie gets to work researching Al Zahrani.Brody tells Jessica about running for office. She thinks it's a terrible idea, because the result will be their personal life getting dragged through the public eye, and makes specific reference to her relationship with Mike Faber and his sexual bender with &quot;the CIA girl.&quot;Brody calls Carrie and says he wants to meet regarding something personal. They plan on the following night.Brody goes to see Mike (Diego Klattenhoff). He apologizes for hitting him and says that he and Jessica didn't do anything wrong, since they thought he was dead. He asks for Mike's help convincing Jessica to let him run for office.They bring Al Zahrani (Ramsey Faragallah) up to an empty floor. They force him to stay and when he wants to make a call to his embassy Carrie shows him pictures from the bathhouse. He has a seat. She explains that it is clear he is getting money from another source and they know that it is Abu Nazir. Al Zahrani says he doesn't know Abu Nazir. When Carrie threatens to expose his secret he says he doesn't care. His wives are fully aware of who he is and he's willing to pay the price. Carrie's last-minute ploy is to threaten deporting his most talented daughter, a student at Yale who is interested in art. If the U.S. keeps her from living in America or Europe she will be forced into a subservient life in Saudi Arabia. This works, and Al Zahrani explains his relationship with Walker. He has a special signal he gives Walker when they need to see each other and they tell him to set it up a meeting.Mike drops by to see Jessica. He pleads Brody's case and advises her that perhaps she should listen to him.Brody comes to Carrie's place where she has opened a glass of wine, has Miles Davis playing as atmosphere and is wearing a nice dress. But he is only there to make sure that if he runs for office no one will ever know about their relationship. She gives him her word. After he leaves she angrily dumps the wine she had poured for them down the sink, throws the bottle out and begins to cry.Saul is struggling without his wife Mira.The time of the Al Zahrani/Walker meeting has arrived. Agents and snipers cover the very public Farragut Square in D.C. where they are to talk. Al Zahrani arrives but there is no sign of Walker. Eventually an Africa-American man approaches with a briefcase, but he is wearing a hat and keeping his head down. It could be Walker, but nobody knows for sure. When Carrie realizes that he is holding the briefcase in his left hand (Walker is right-handed) she begins to get suspicious. The man walks up to Al Zahrani and we see Walker (Chris Chalk) is watching this from a nearby building with a cell' 'phone in his hand. Carrie screams for everybody to get away just as Walker pushes a button and the case explodes. Carrie is blown backwards violently. We see a horrific scene of death and lost limbs.Jessica tells Brody that, after discussing things over with the kids, they all support Brody's desire to run for the vacant seat in Congress.Saul has concluded that while they know that Tom Walker has turned and is working for Abu Nazir, there must be a mole inside the government and working close to his CIA branch who somehow tipped Walker to the trap in the public square.Carrie has a severe concussion but will be okay. She lies in a hospital bed and watches Brody officially announce his candidacy on the television screen.
