S7 E7The team pours over Dante's apartment. Max goes to the PC. Dante partially wakes up then falls asleep again. They leave empty handed except for the computer download. Carrie has to rush home.Saul goes to visit David Wellington. Saul tells him Simone Martin is a Russian GRU agent and will claim Wellington paid $50,000 to have the General killed. Saul wants more info on Simone.Maggie and Carrie argue again, the f-word is dropped. Carrie storms out with her daughter.Saul captures Max as he goes home. He knows about the secret Wellington video. Max confesses they were at Dante's apartment.Carrie checks into a motel with Frannie. The desk clerk questions her ID, the credit card was declined. Carrie gets frustrated and has to leave. Dante phones her, not sure if they had sex the previous night. Carrie explains her situation, Dante invites her over.Saul takes Max to his secret office, Max has to work for Saul now under duress due to the illegal Wellington videos. He will check Dante's hard drive data. Saul gives Sandy and the IT guy Wellington's notes on Simone, they have three days to investigate her.Carrie takes Frannie to Dante's , he is friendly with the child. Dante leaves the two at his place and goes to work.President Keane meets her Vice-President. The VP asks her if the Administration will fall with the scandal Keane says Wellington is innocent. She tells him to stop with the rumors.Frannie finds a photo album, there's a picture and clipping of Audrey Navarro, Dante's ex wife.Dante goes to see Maggie, to pick up some of Frannie's things.Carrie sees Audrey at her office lobby.Dante snoops around the house while Maggie gathers toys, he sees Carrie's desk and loose files, with a dossier on himAudrey explains about the Cabo incident, when Dante was sent home. He was depressed and felt he was treated unfair, and she left him; but Dante then had a new assignment. Audrey says Dante was furious a coworker had dropped a missile on a wedding in Pakistan and was promoted for it (Carrie in Season 4). Carrie grits her teeth and leaves.Saul and Max bicker about Carrie. Sandy has some info, Simone's NGO Charity, the International Democracy Foundation, is a Russian Front.The VP is making a speech, Keane is given a letter, Wellington's resignation. She is stunned, just as she is introduced to the podium.Saul explains Simone's Russian connections to a judge. Saul wants a court order to question Simone, but the judge is skeptical, Simone has to talk to the Committee first, otherwise it is witness tampering.Keane pins medals on servicemen. After she calls Saul to discuss the letters. Keane realizes Saul was correct about the Lucasville incident, Saul updates her on his Simone investigation.Back at the office Max says he found out something about Dante's travels. He made five trips to Eastern Europeanto the same cities and dates as Simone.Carrie and Frannie arrive back at Dante's, she is upset he went to get the toys.In her limo Keane carefully parses Wellington's three page letter. She tells her driver to go to David's house.Carrie puts Frannie to bed. Carrie then asks Dante what he learned from Maggie. Dante says Audrey phoned him to report on the Carrie visit. Dante moves closer asking what Audrey told her.The President arrives at Wellington's house. She desperately needs him to stay on, she doesn't accept the resignation and leaves quietly.Dante and Carrie begin kissing and undressing.Saul has a large team of agents ready to assault Dante's apartment , they see Carrie and Dante having sex on infrared camera, but Saul says go ahead. They blow the door while the couple are thrusting on the sofa, the team haul Dante away, Carrie grabs some cover and comforts Frannie, she stares at Saul.
