Open with Carrie and Brody returning to her family's cabin for what looks like a few days of rest. Quinn is watching them. Quinn calls Estes and tells him that as soon as Brody's alone he'll kill him.Carrie and Brody go for a walk and she talks to him about her family. Her mother left them, in part because of her father's mental illness. Carrie says she understands why her mother did what she did but it bothers her that she hasn't reached out.Saul is still being detained at the CIA. He wants one of the agents to call Carrie for him, but the guy doesn't want to risk being put in the same predicament.Brody and Carrie talk about having a second chance. Carrie says if their relationship is "serious," they would both end up with a clean slate. Brody says he's not scared of her illness. She says she's scared of the things he's done and they discuss the chances of their relationship succeeding.The next morning Carrie leaves to get croissants at the store. After she's gone Brody goes to the water to pray. Quinn watches him through the trees with a high-powered rifle. Quinn points his gun at Brody.Carrie returns from the store and initially finds the cabin empty. She calls out for Brody, then finds him on the porch, very much alive.Estes returns home and finds Quinn sitting in his living room. Quinn tells him he didn't kill Brody and doesn't think he needs to die. He says the only reason to kill Brody at this point is to cover Estes's butt and he can't tolerate that the collateral damage would be destroying Carrie. He warns Estes that if anything ever happens to Brody he'll return and kill him.Brody checks in with Jessica. Chris hasn't been eating well.Brody meets Mike at a bar. He tells Mike that he and Jessica are separating and essentially gives his blessing for Mike to return to the family.Estes tells Saul he's free to leave. He tells Saul that he called off Brody's execution and has redacted the report filed against Saul.Dana makes a point to be home when Brody stops by to get a suit for Walden's memorial at the CIA. She asks him about Carrie. He tells his daughter he's "screwed up."Saul talks to Carrie about being a station chief. Saul thinks Estes will go along with it because "he owes me." Carrie seems worried about her health. Saul reminds her that if she comes back she can't be with Brody. Saul's angry that Carrie's choosing Brody over the agency, but she reminds Saul that his personal life hasn't been very much fun.Brody arrives the memorial.Saul lands on a aircraft carrier and observes the way Nazir's body is being prepared for burial. The proper religious traditions seem to be observed.Estes speaks at the memorial and sings Walden's praises.Carrie and Brody duck out of the memorial and head upstairs. She tells him she wants to be with him. Brody notices that his car has been moved. Carrie knowingly curses just before the vehicle explodes, ripping a fireball through the building.Nazir's body is dropped into the ocean.Carrie gets up and sees that Brody is unconscious. She loads a gun and points it at him. He swears that he isn't responsible but she doesn't believe him. Brody tells her that Nazir has to be responsible and would have sacrificed himself to make it happen. Carrie drops to the floor and begins to weep. Brody assures her over and over again that "it wasn't me." Carrie says they have to leave since nobody else will believe he didn't do it.Agents arrive at Brody's home to execute a search.Carrie takes Brody and herself to a storage facility. The plan is for them to flee the country. In the locker is cash and fake identities.Saul arrives at the agency and learns that at least 200 people have been killed. Only 27 survived. Walden's wife, son and Estes are among the dead. He's told that Carrie and Brody have yet to be identified but are presumed dead. Forensics suggests that the bomb was in Brody's car. Saul is now the ranking officer on site and will have to brief the president. Saul calls Carrie's cell phone and leaves a message that he's looking for her.Carrie takes Brody to have a fake ID made.Jessica tells agents that Brody no longer lives with her. Dana tells them Brody "didn't do it." She says she talked to him and her father was totally fine. On the TV the video clip Brody made before the aborted suicide bombing is being aired. Dana begins to cry.Brody watches the video and realizes what is happening. In the car Carrie warns Brody that he can't try to contact his family.Saul's wife calls him and is overjoyed that he is alive. He tells her Carrie is "gone." She offers to return to the U.S. and Saul says "yes, please."Carrie and Brody prepare to cross the Canadian border on foot through the woods. At the last minute she says she isn't going with him. She promises to clear his name. She cries and they kiss.The following day we see Saul as he begins to lead the investigation. He stands in a room filled with hundreds of bodies and begins to recite the Kaddish, the Jewish prayer for the dead. Carrie walks up behind him. The two stare at one another as the season ends.
