Carrie, still instutionalized, wakes up in the middle of the night to witness another patient being forcefully restrained by orderlies and doctors.Fara (Nazanin Boniadi) tells Saul she's found the missing money. It is being skimmed from the Iranians through a soccer stadium in Venezuela. The name associated with the account is a deceased Iranian soccer player. Dar Adal (F. Murray Abraham) pops in to confirm Saul still wants him to "handle that." Saul waits until he leaves before continuing the conversation with Fara. Saul knows that the name being used was that of Javadi's favorite soccer player, and he thinks this is his way to safely embezzle funds from the banks.Carrie prepares for her latest hearing with her attorney. Based on the reports from her doctors and the fact her family is so involved with her recovery, her lawyer thinks she should be allowed to leave the facility.All seems to go well at Carrie's hearing, though for some reason her father and sister don't show as promised. When she leaves for the deliberation the judge hints that she should be okay.Leo (Sam Underwood) sneaks out of the hospital with security hot on his trail. He jumps into a waiting car driving by Dana.While Carrie waits for the deliberation she spots Adal leaving the meeting room. When she goes in the judge tells her the Justice Department has stepped in and designated her a security risk. After they're given the room Carrie tells her lawyer what happened with Adal and the CIA. She doesn't think she's getting out anytime soon. Carrie borrows her phone and calls her father. Somebody had told him the hearing had been moved to the following day. She asks her father to contact Saul and tells him that she'll do whatever possible to get out.Dana gets a phone call from her mom and Leo tosses it out the car window without answering it. He points out they can be caught with the cell' 'phone's GPS.Jessica and Mike Faber (Diego Klattenhoff) are franticly trying to find Dana. They meet with the police and Leo's parents. Leo's parents hint that because of her father Dana must be the real problem here.Dana and Leo meet with some shady mechanics and trade her car for another one. One of them recognizes Dana but can't place her face.Carrie is woken up with word that she's been released. She comes home and finds the lawyer Paul Franklin (Jason Butler Harner) who approached her a few days earlier waiting in her living room. He says she can stay out of the psychiatric ward if she meets with his boss, one of the partners at the firm. He doesn't know what the meeting will be about, but she agrees.Saul tells Adal to get Carrie off the streets.Carrie learns that the Justice Department has frozen her bank account and cancelled her credit cards. She calls Virgil (David Marciano), who tells Carrie that she's radioactive right now. She gets him to agree to let her borrow his van, but towards the end of the conversation he covertly tips her off that he's being watched by the CIA (the agents are in the room with him).Dana and Leo sit in a cemetery. He talks about his brother, who committed suicide. Leo blames himself for not taking care of his younger brother, but Dana tells him it's not his fault.Mike and Jessica talk about Leo's parents. She lets her guard down and talks about how upset she is with Brody.Dana brings Leo to the base where her father left for his deployment to Iraq. She relives the experience and tells him it was the last time her father told him the truth. Since he returned from Iraq she believes everything has been a lie.With no other options Carrie drops in the one-night-stand guy she met at the liquor store. In the morning she steals money from his wallet and heads out onto the street. A black SUV pulls up. It's Franklin, bringing her to the meeting.Fara and Saul look at a picture of Javadi and appear to have connected him to Venezuela. They have him dead to rights, but Saul doesn't want to show their hand. If they tip off the Iranians to what they know he'll be dead. Saul wants to somehow bring him in and question him.Carrie meets with a lawyer named Leland Bennett (Martin Donovan). It becomes clear that he's there on behalf of Javadi, who wants to use her as a source of information. Specifically he's curious how the CIA was able to identify and kill so many of his associates. Carrie says she's not a traitor and turns down his offer. But Bennett starts reminding her how she's being treated by her own government and says that it's just a matter of time before the CIA shuts her up permanently. She agrees to help, but only if she meets with his client alone and in person.Mike gets Jessica information about Leo's case. It turns out that he was committed as a way to avoid a homicide charge related to his brother's death. It's unclear whether or not the brothers had a suicide pact, but Leo appears to be the one who pulled the trigger.Dana tells Leo how much she's enjoying their time alone. She says she never wants to go back. "And we don't have to," Leo responds.Carrie shows up at Saul's house. As soon as they're alone we learn that what is happening was an elaborate plan between the two of them to arrange a meeting between her and Javadi. But Carrie is struggling with the weight of the mission and tells Saul he should have gotten her out of the facility. He tells Carrie she's been brave and says "it's almost over."
