Open with Quinn working on what looks like an explosive device of some kind.Carrie testifies before a Congressional subcommittee. It is private hearing due to her still having active assets. It's been two months since the CIA bombing and the chairman, Lockhart, says his goal is to undercover any wrongdoing. Lockhart seems hostile toward the agency. During questioning Carrie talks about her employment history and background with Nazir.Saul and Adal talk about Carrie's testimony. Adal thinks Carrie's history could help the agency if things go poorly, but Saul doesn't want to throw her under the bus. Adal says the CIA is jeopardy. Saul gets word that Quinn's "last piece of the puzzle" is ready.Lockhart asks Carrie about Brody. He shows her a CIA document where Brody was offered immunity. Carrie says she was unaware the CIA had such a deal with Brody. This leads to her admitting she doesn't think Brody is responsible for the CIA bombing. Lockhart is stunned and Carrie's counsel asks for a recess.In the hallway Carrie talks to her counsel about the fact she just committed perjury. They had already discussed that the suicide vest can never become public knowledge. The lawyer advises her not to reveal her feelings on Brody's guilt.Carrie calls Saul and gives him an update. She wants him to find the leak.Dana finishes up her last day in a hospital treatment program. She apparently tried to commit suicide. While there she has been cozy with a boy. Jessica is told that the family should continue with counseling and we learn that the Brody family is struggling financially. Jessica and Dana fight a mob of press to leave the hospital.Saul, now the CIA director, is briefed on a proposed plan to take out six targets connected to the attack on Langley in a 20-minute window. All six work under a terrorist named Javadi, who is believed to have organized the bombing. Saul is still considering whether to go ahead.After the meeting, Adal thinks Saul is making a mistake not immediately going forward. Adal isn't sure Javadi is even still alive. Adal tells Saul that Carrie is "blowing it."Frank confronts Carrie about being off her meds and drinking. She's pursuing alternative medicine and seems to blame her meds for dulling her senses and missing signs of the attack.Dana returns home and is reunited with Chris and her grandmother. She quickly disappears for homework. Dana notices the bathroom (the site of her attempt) has been re-done. She goes to her room and sends her boyfriend a topless photo of herself.Saul is clearly torn about whether to approve the strike. He tells Mira he doesn't believe that the CIA's job is to kill targets. Mira is back living with Saul, but the couple is still working out the marriage.During the next session Carrie pleads the Fifth. Lockhart responds that he's sure she's done "great harm to your country" and will eventually pay for it.While staring at the bombing wreckage Saul gives the go-ahead for the attacks.Quinn has issues with the first target, but is given flexibility to follow the target to his home. From that point the operation goes smoothly and all six targets are eliminated. Quinn accidentally kills a young boy. He also recovers a laptop and documents from the target's home office.During dinner Jessica talks about going back to work. Her mother is surprised that the government has cut them off.Carrie takes home a guy she meets at the liquor store. The next morning Frank wakes her up with work there is an article in the paper that a CIA case officer may have had a sexual relationship with Brody.A furious Carrie confronts Saul in a restaurant, accusing him of leaking the story. Saul denies it, but after she leaves tells Adal she's right to think it was something the agency would do. Saul accuses Adal, but he denies it as well.Dana overhears Jessica and her mother discussing her suicide attempt. Dana's grandmother thinks it was a cry for attention.Saul testifies publicly before Congress. He talks about the success of their operation. Lockhart then asks him about the news report of an agent being involved with Brody. Saul says that the agent in question concealed a mental health issues and concealed the relationship. Carrie watches from home with tears in her eyes.
