Tom Walker (Chris Chalk) is standing in traffic in downtown DC begging for money from passing cars with a hand-drawn cardboard "Homeless Vet" sign. A town car with diplomat plates stops and its passenger (Ramsey Faragallah) gives him a folded-up dollar bill. He opens it up and finds a key taped inside along with the name of a storage facility.Walker's wife Helen (Afton Williamson) and son Lucas (Jaden Harmon) are in Estes's office. She tells Carrie that her son mentioned seeing his father near his school. Walker's wife isn't sure what to do with the information that her husband is alive and has been brainwashed.Saul asks Brody to confirm his answers about Walker. He ends with "All I know for sure is that he's dead."Brody spots Carrie in the hallway and asks her why she's there. She says she can't tell him. He accuses her of sleeping with him to get information.Brody comes home and tells Jessica about being called back to Langley. She tells him she waited on him for six years after being told he was dead. She says "I screwed up," but doesn't think she should still have to pay for that. Brody says "I don't want everything to fall apart."Saul tells Carrie he thinks Walker has been calling his family's voicemail to listen to his wife and son's voices. Estes and FBI Special Agent Hall (Joe Urla) come into Saul's office and are filled-in. Hall doesn't like the idea of waiting for a call via Walker's wife.During family game night Jessica gets a call about a party she and Brody had been invited to. It's being hosted by the political player Elizabeth Gaines he'd been introduced to. Brody agrees to go.Saul wants Mira to go with him to Elizabeth's party. She says she's still leaving the next morning. Carrie knocks on the door and tells him she's been placed in charge of the task force. She admits to having contacted Brody and then gotten involved in a relationship with him. He eventually gives her a hug and sends her off.Carrie is at the Walkers' with Helen. They fake her leaving to take her son Lucas to school. The first phone call is a telemarketer. Helen begins to weep afterwards, scared to talk to him. The next call is a hang-up. They trace the call to an area of NorthEast DC.Walker dismantles the cell phone he has just used. He pulls the key off the dollar bill.Chris points out to Dana that their parents don't seem to be fighting. A limo arrives to bring the Brodys to the party.Saul and Mira also leave for the party and he tells her about the guy they're chasing having the "fatal flaw" of loving his wife.At the party Saul correctly guesses that Elizabeth Gaines (Linda Purl) has a plan for Brody and Jessica.Carrie is staying at the Walkers' place. Helen talks about being lucky to find her new husband and asks Carrie about her personal life.Brody holds court at the party, telling a few entertaining war stories. He and Jessica notice that everybody at the party is being incredibly nice to them. They realize they're being courted. Elizabeth tells Saul if he wants to talk to her about Mira she'll be there. On TV the entire party sees that a Congressman has been caught in a sex scandal. Elizabeth clearly knew this was going to come out.In the limo ride home Jessica and Brody seem to be enjoying each other's company. They get home and find the kids still awake. The family sits together and watches a movie.Helen gets another phone call. This time she asks "Tom is that you?" and begins talking to a silent Walker who is just listening on his end. While Helen talks the CIA team gets a location for Walker from his cellular signal. Helen says she never stopped loving him. When Walker finally says "Helen?," she has terrible second thoughts and screams a warning that she's done a terrible thing, that the call is being tracked and that he needs to get out of there now. He puts the phone down and takes off a split second ahead of authorities. Walker takes down one member of the team and takes his pistol. When Carrie hears Walker's location she orders the team to stay back and flank him. But it's too late; they follow him into a mosque and mistakenly shoot two men during morning prayer.Walker manages to escape and we see him at the storage locker. Inside he opens a large suitcase that contains a take-down sniper rifle.Estes tells Carrie, Saul and Hall that what happened was "a nightmare." The consensus seems to be their only option is to go public and identify Walker as a terrorist.Carrie goes to Brody's house early the next morning and tells him that Walker is still alive. She is letting him know that they are going public about the manhunt a few hours ahead of time. She tells him about their time together in the cabin "it wasn't just my job." Jessica stands at the front door and he goes back inside the house with her and Carrie leaves.Saul comes home just as Mira is leaving for the airport. He was supposed to make her breakfast but missed it because of the Walker fiasco. In tears she said she can't recall the last time he was home for 12 straight hours He says work is his Achilles heel and they hug. She gets in the cab and leaves.Five hours following the announcement Saul tells Carrie they've gotten 2,000 tips, all likely bogus. He thinks Walker is likely deep in his hole. She tells him she's had an epiphany and thinks she's going to be alone her entire life.The man from the Diplomat vehicle who passed the money with the numbered key and the scribbled message to Walker. comes home. His electronic security system lets him know that someone in his the living room. He sees a person is watching TV news coverage of the manhunt for Tom Walker.He says "Walker are you crazy? You can't be here...." But it's Brody. He's furious, chokes the man and says "you people told me Walker was dead." The man tells him he'll have to talk to Abu Nazir. Brody says he's done talking to Abu Nazir: "Tell him it's over."
