Farid (Amir Arison) and Reed (Brianna Brown) are having sex. Afterwards he leaves the room briefly to speak with his top aid. Reed is able to copy the contents of his phone just before he returns to give her an enormous diamond necklace.The TV network is preparing for a huge network interview with Nicholas and his family in two days. Virgil and Carrie watch in horror as the TV crew very nearly move a couch and expose one of their surveillance microphones.Dana is sharing a joint with her friends and tells them she's not interested in doing the interview. They think she should do something crazy.Estes briefs a team about Reed getting video of Farid and Abu Nazir having a face-to-face. Carrie mentions Reed has copied Farid's cell' 'phone data and the plan is to start following the money from there.Carrie isn't thrilled after her briefing that Saul asked a few probing questions about the likelihood of Farid being involved in terrorism. He brushes her off.Dana missed the interview prep and Jessica yells at her about it. Jessica tells her husband about Dana's recent attitude issues. Nicholas goes to speak with his daughter and during their conversation Jessica is stunned to hear Dana laughing behind her closed bedroom door.Carrie meets with Reed at a hotel swimming pool to get the chip. Reed expresses doubt about Farid being involved in anything evil.In the kitchen the following morning Jessica asks Nicholas about his conversation with Dana. He says they were watching a funny video. To Jessica's surprise Dana has some of the breakfast which her father has prepared.So far the CIA tech guy hasn't found anything suspicious on Farid's phone. He still hasn't gotten to some of the encrypted stuff.Carrie confronts Saul about him still being pissed at her. He says she destroyed their trust by lying to him and treating him like everybody else.We see some of the solo portion of Nicholas' interview. He's asked about the beatings and torture. When he's asked why he was beaten, we see Nicholas flash back to being given food by Abu Nazir after a round of torture. Nicholas obviously doesn't mention this.Dana crudely tells Jessica that she knows her mother has a sexual relationship with Mike which she instinctively denies, then tells her that she thought Nicholas was dead all this time. Dana says that it seems everybody knows the secret except Nicholas. Jessica pleads with her daughter to promise not to say anything to her father.Virgil shows Carrie footage of Jessica quietly telling Mike that Dana knows about them being together.During a night out at the club for Farid's harem, one of the new girls being auditioned asks Reed about her necklace.Carrie watches Nicholas act distant with Jessica before bed he's curled up on the bedroom floor with just a pillow.Farid's top aid tells Reed that Farid wants her to "entertain" a business man that night. Reed seems surprised by the request, and he tells her only that Farid can be "excruciatingly indirect." Reed says she has to freshen up before leaving.Carrie witnesses a particularly disturbing sexual encounter between Nicholas and Jessica. Nicholas tells his wife to remove her night shirt, then pleasures himself in front of her before lying back down to fall asleep. Jessica seems mortified and Carrie is clearly embarrassed at watching this.Reed calls Carrie from the bathroom. She's worried about the fact that normally the girls aren't even allowed to speak with men other than the prince. Reed asks if the people Carrie has protecting her (there are none) will be able to follow her. Carrie says yes as long as her cell phone is turned on. She has Virgil go with her to provide some help for Reed. They track Reed's cellular signal from the car.Reed goes to a hired car in the alley which is to take her to her encounter. The driver, friendly and conversational as he holds open the vehicle's door for her, then shoots her with a suppressed pistol and takes the gift necklace off her neck before leaving her body in the alley behind the club.Carrie and Virgil are seconds behind. A distraught Carrie sees Reed's body but Virgil insists that they have to leave.The next morning Jessica wakes up and sees Nicholas and Dana are both gone. They are on a walk and it seems like Dana is leaning towards telling her father about Mike. Nicholas shows her a padlock on a chain link fence with his and Jessica's initials on it that he and Jessica put it there when they were dating. He tells Dana that what has happened to their family isn't easy for anybody. He says that both he and Jessica are struggling and Dana should cut her some slack. Dana doesn't say anything about Mike.Estes tells Carrie that Reed was DOA and the missing necklace was a crown jewel of some sort. The thought is that the Saudis made her as an informant and decided to use the necklace as a way to fake a robbery. Carrie watches the police interrogation of Farid. He seems genuinely upset that Carrie is dead and demands the police find out what happened. She's furious to learn Farid and his entourage are on their way flying back to the Gulf.We watch the family portion of the interview. The moderator asks about the homecoming. Nicholas pauses for a long time and Dana cuts in to save the day, softly talking about how great things have been.Carrie finds Reed's parents sitting with their daughter's body. They aren't allowed to be told their daughter was more than just a high-profile escort.Carrie tells Saul she's frustrated they can't tell Reed's parents their daughter deserved better. She's tired of being cut out, is upset her informant was killed and begins to cry. Saul comforts her. Carrie doesn't think Farid could have known Reed was going to be killed. They wonder if perhaps somebody in the entourage was actually the person Abu Nazir was meeting with. Saul says that the best way to move wealth is through jewelery. We cut to Farid's second-in-command selling the necklace for $400,000.We then see a real estate agent congratulating a young couple on purchasing their first home with cash. The man is of Middle Eastern descent and the home is near an airport, which the "wife" says is perfect for them.
