S7 E10Carrie undergoes her third electro-shock treatment since the hospital panic attack.VP Warner gets dressed, making David Wellington wait downstairs. Finally they sit down together. Wellington says the AG called to say Sen. Paley is trying to invoke the 25th Amendment, certifying the President unfit. Four members of the Cabinet have already signed, the VP hasn't heard anything. VP Ralph Warner must sign the 25th to make it official, he seems to think Keane has ignored him. Warner gives his support though.Saul watches a man leave then goes to see Sandy at her house. She says two private jets flew out, Simone must have gone first, Yevgeny on the second. Sandy says there are links between Simone and a Russian lover in Paris years ago, he must have been Yevgeny Gromov.Carrie seems normal and meets a lawyer, Rhonda, in the hospital. Maggie has proposed a every-third weekend visitation schedule, instead of a court battle. Carrie is defiant wanting to state her Case to a judge, Rhonda says she may lose all access and should take the offer.President Keane talks to a large group, her Cabinet. She angrily says Senator Paley is a Russian pawn and she wants all of them to stand together. VP Warner sits by her side.Carrie walks with her friend Anson to talk over the custody case. He says he can dig up dirt on Maggie and her husband, everyone has something in their past. Carrie says Maggie gave her off the books medical treatment in the past.Saul has a video call with the Russian CIA Station Chief. Saul tells him to put aside any dislike for Keane and to send a team to look for Gromov, and Simone, in a small town outside of Moscow.Saul brings flowers to Carrie in her hospital room. She is better and starting new drugs, the electro-shocks have helped. She doesn't blame Saul for her psychotic break. All she wants is for him to wish her luck. Saul sits down and updates her on the Gromov search, he needs her team to find and ex-filtrate Simone. He wants her to be Field Supervisor for only a few days.At a nice restaurant VP Warner is set up to meet Sam Paley. Paley claims there is no real Russian evidence and Keane must be covering up. Paley says a majority of Cabinet Secretaries are waiting for his signature.Keane gives verbal approval to Saul to proceed in Moscow. Wellington arrives at her desk, he is a little worried, having heard Paley and Warner are meeting at that moment. Keane calls Warner and leaves a message to call her back.Anson calls Carrie while searching Maggie's office, he can't find her Jessica Field alter ego, medical file, Carrie realizes it must be at Maggie's Home office.A new day dawns in Washington. Wellington arrives in the Oval Office to see Keane giving documents to her WH Counsel, Warner had not returned her calls. Keane is planning to fire her Cabinet to prevent the 25th vote, Counsel says it is unprecedented but legal. Wellington raises his voice and warns her not to do it, she would be impeached if she does. Keane stubbornly tells her Counsel to send the papers.Carrie arrives at the Courthouse, Anson has the medical files for her. In the courtroom Josie the teen daughter explains the house activities, she is proud of Carrie's government work, but says Frannie has been quiet and cries to sleep. The New York social worker explains the Peter Quinn incident the previous year. Another social worker describes the traumatic incident at Dante Allen's place. Maggie is called to the stand. Maggie gives her story since Frannie's birth. Maggie implores Carrie directly, her relatively dull stability is better for Frannie. Carrie reluctantly agrees. During recess she goes to Maggie and gives up the custody case in return for bi-weekly visits.The media reports the firing of four Cabinet members. Warner comes to see Keane. The VP claims he hasn't signed any 25th Amendment document and to rescind the firings. Keane doesn't trust him, and refuses to change her mind. Warner therefore decides to sign the 25th for Congressional Approval.At a funeral Saul is surprised to see Carrie arrive. She tells him giving up Frannie was the right thing. He quickly updates her on Gromov and Martin being found, Warner going to the Supreme Court to decide on the Cabinet firings and that he has been tasked by the President to take a delegation to Russia to question authorities about the Richmond incident. Carrie asks to go, the plane leaves in four hours. Saul also adds Dante Allen had an undiagnosed congenital heart defect, (so his death wasn't really their fault after all).Carrie packs her bags and says goodbye to Frannie, with a teary hugs.
