Homeland S6 E10Quinn follows a GPS to a Diner, he gets his handgun and enters. Recognizing a waitress she greets him as "Johnny" and they make small talk. She reminisces and mentions the new crew. Quinn excuses himself and drives to a nearby suburban house. He parks and watches.Max briefs Carrie about the social media sock puppet facility but she is distracted about meeting Frannie. He stresses this is important and she says don't go back.Saul walks warily to a Jewellery store and meets a young man in a secure back room who gives him a duffle bag with guns, passports, cash and a few loose diamonds.Carrie arrives at a law office, the driver tells her to better check her 3 pm appointment and drives off. Carrie calls Children's Services who say Frannie has a fever and the visitation is postponed. Carrie is puzzled. Carrie is then greeted by Ron x who takes her in for a video deposition on Berlin. Thinking about the car ride and Frannie, she excuses herself and leaves abruptly. Outside she calls a number and says Dar wins, she wants to see her daughter.Ron reports to Keane, who has Dar Adal waiting to see her. Their next option is to offer Saul immunity for his testimony. Dar enters Keane's office, he explains a bruise on his cheek. He presents a list of Cabinet possibles. Keane is furious as the names are polar opposites to her politics. The conversation gets very tense, Dar states he represents the National Security Establishment, she vows to have him jailed. Leaving, Dar calls O'Keefe.Quinn has a kid knock on the door, with no one home he enters and turns off the security code, it is a CIA black ops safe house. He has a flashback to earlier happier times with his old team. Hearing a car arrive he manages to escape unnoticed into the garage where he sees a Medina Medley delivery van.Carries gets a call, Frannie is not sick after all and the 3pm appointment is back on. Her doorbell rings, Keane is there with her secret service posse. Keane wonders why Carrie refused to depose, she guesses it has something to with Frannie. Keane explains about Adal's last visit earlier. Carrie refuses to get involved and leaves to see Frannie.Saul's ex-wife Mira gets a note while having lunch, Saul gives her specific instructions, to walk, get a ride and come to his location. Saul is waiting in a 16th floor empty apartment. He says he will be leaving, is in trouble. He warns her CounterIntelligence will come looking for him, he will be going to the Greek Islands. Mira guesses it has something to do with President-Elect Keane, then encourages him to stay and fight.Carrie finally meets Frannie, notices a web news clip. O'Keefe has released the Andrew Keane Cowardice video. Keane watches also and is livid and demands her staff set up a morning press conference. Her staff suggest trying to change the subject.Dar meets O'Keefe at the facility, Max sees the two men talk and takes a discreet cell video. O'Keefe has more plans for tomorrow. Dar notices a laptop with something about Quinn. A coworker notices Max' cellphone.Carrie is met by Clarice, Quinn's dirty blonde friend, she shows a video greeting from him. Carrie is confused thinking he was still in Bellevue.Max is accosted by his supervisor and security staff and has his prohibited cellphone is taken away, he is escorted out of the sock puppet war room.Saul breaks into Carrie's house and tries to phone her. He snoops around and finds a locked top floor office. Finding the key he enters, Carrie has been at work investigating Dar and the various linkages, the walls are filled with clippings, post-it notes and coloured threads. He checks her laptop, a video email from Max shows Dar meeting with O'Keefe.Keane still watches the hurtful video, regretting that she had mentioned him to the public. Ron calms her down.Clarice delivers Carrie to Peter Quinn, hiding out in a house under renovation across the street from the CIA safehouse, with a rifle and scope. He points out the man who had been watching her house..
