Carrie at ChurchA Bearded man goes to a strip joint "Club King George". He meets a young man in back room with servers and monitors, making fun of muslim clerics. They hack at muslim recruiting website and upload a joke video. They notice they are being pinged, by a government. American CIA monitors their activity. The bearded man sends a reverse hack and gets into their system. The CIA shuts it down, but not before a lot of files are downloaded by the hacker.Carrie drops her daughter off at school in Berlin. Then goes to work at the During Foundation. She is Head of Security. She meets her boss Otto During (Sebastian Koch) and an ambassador, there are plans to go to Lebanon in 3 days.Quinn is at Langley CIA HQ. He has recently arrived from Syria. He enters a meeting with Dar Adal, Saul, and several other officials. Quinn has been doing special ops in Syria for 28 months. A suit wonders what they are doing as Assad and ISIL are still there. Quinn angrily explains the Caliphate strategy, and that this massive amount of devout extremists cannot be defeated by a few Special Forces teams. He says to be effective, they need 200,000 troops on the ground. The suit says that's not going to happen. Quinn says the only other effective tactic is to "Pound the ciy of Rakaah into a parking lot."Saul gets a message about data breech and leaves.Carrie is at a kid's birthday party. She is friendly with a younger male co-worker, Jonas Happich (Alexander Frehling). A young woman, Laura Sutton (Sarah Sokolovic) arrives to talk to Carrie, outside. She had received a top secret email originating from the CIA, explaining US and German working arrangements. Carrie refuses to verify it. The girl is upset and threatens to publish. Later, Carrie talks to her boyfriend, she doesn't want her old life. They kiss in the quiet living room.The next day Carrie goes to CIA Station in Berlin and greets the Chief Alison Carr (Miranda Otto).
She explains her boss is going to Lebanon and asks for some intel, but is politely turned down. Then Carr asks for intel on During but with the no quid pro quo the ladies end their meeting. Saul is coming so Carrie is asked to leave by the back stairs. She politely declines. She and Saul meet in the stairwell. Carrie is tense but Saul is friendly but says she is naive and stupid working for During.Back in the office Carrie recommends not going to Lebanon. The reporter Laura Sutton is there and argues. During says he is going to contribute money to help refugees.Saul reviews a printout with Carr. 1300 files were copied. Saul is upset their secure network was open to the network. The whole surveillance program with the Germans has been compromised, but they don't know by who.Carrie puts on head scarf and enters a Muslim facility, she asks to see the Imam. After a brief wait she is taken to the Sheikh. Carrie wants to talk to a Hezbollah leader about safety in Lebanon.At a restaurant Saul and Alison Carr explain the breech to their German counterparts. The Germans are upset and say the operation is over. Saul warns that hard core jihadists are present in Germany.Saul walks past Quinn in a public square, the two pass without acknowledgment.Carrie leaves the church, and is then abducted by men in a blue van. Hooded, she is taken to a underground room and is asked to put on a head scarf.Quinn watches a cafe at night. He breaks into an apartment and opens a hidden compartment in a desk. The tenant arrives but Quinn knocks him out.Carrie asks to be released but her captor mentions he lost some friends to US activity related to Abu Nazir. Impassive, he says Carrie killed his son, and vows to fight her forever. She demands he honor her request.Quinn loads a black pipe tube with potassium chlorate as the tenant is bound and gagged. He assembles the bomb timer for two minutes, and leaves. As he crosses the street outside a blast in the second floor sprays glass.Carrie is roughly dropped off at her house from the van, Jonas comes to the sidewalk to help her inside.Saul passes Quinn a set of keys to a mailbox, he recovers a letter. The envelope has a picture of his next target. Saul says from this moment forward, he is dark. There will be no more contact, only this mailbox with his next target and operating money. If he is caught, he is disavowed. Quinn says it's Saul's call. No matter who Saul puts in the mailbox, Quinn will take care of them.Carrie gets a phone call at night, her boss will be received as an honored guest at the refugee camp.
