With news reports of the Israeli/Iranian conflict on the TV, Carrie's father Frank (James Rebhorn) and sister Maggie (Amy Hargreaves) are talking about her progress. Frank is worried about Carrie's health and the fact that she's doing things like gardening. Carrie is teaching, and while grading papers in her room, she's occasionally following the news online.Saul is at the U.S. embassy in Beirut. A woman has come to them with information on an attack on U.S. soil. They don't know who she is, but she wants a face-to-face in two hours. Saul manages to elude a tail and meet with the woman.Brody is now a Congressman. Vice President Walden is waiting for him in his office, saying he's going to float Brody's name as a possible VP candidate when he runs for President. He's lined up an intelligence briefing for Brody.Danny Galvez (Hrach Titizian) stops by Carrie's school to tell her Estes (David Harewood) wants to see her. She tells him to go to hell.Brody's family, particularly Jessica (Morena Baccarin), is excited about the potential of him being on the national ticket. Dana doesn't seem to like her new school.Carrie returns home to find Saul has been calling for her all afternoon. She calls him back and he's able to talk her into meeting with Estes, who is sitting in a car across the street.On the porch Estes hands her a photo of the woman Saul met with. She is a former off-the-books asset of Carrie's named Fatima Ali, the first wife of a Hezbollah district commander. Estes says Ali will only give her information about an attack to Carrie. They need her to travel to Beirut for three days.Maggie tries to talk Carrie out of going, but it's no use. She says she trusts Saul. Eventually, Frank tells Maggie to back off and gives Carrie a hug. Carrie gets into Estes's car and meets Major Joy Mendez (Valerie Cruz), who will be traveling with Carrie to Cyprus.A reporter named Roya Hammad (Zuleikha Robinson) meets with Brody. After a few words about Brody being on the ticket she makes it clear she's in touch with Nazir. Her family and the Nazir family have known each other for decades. She references Issa to prove she's on the up-and-up. She wants him to steal an encryption key for potential targets when he's in Estes's office for a briefing. It means Nazir is planning to hit one of those targets. Brody doesn't like assisting with the killing of innocent people, but doesn't say no. Hammad says this is his chance to prove his allegiance.During a school debate Dana interrupts a boy to argue about the Iran/Israel standoff. During a heated exchange she says her father is a Muslim.Joy briefs Carrie, who is struggling to remember the information for her alias.Dana's dean called Jessica to tell her about Dana's incident. This leads to a shouting match and Brody eventually admitting that he is, in fact, a Muslim. Jessica is stunned and rushes to the garage where Brody tells her he prays.In the garage Jessica rummages through boxes, furious that Brody lied to her. She doesn't understand, because the people who imprisoned him were Muslims. She tells him "This can't happen. You get that, right?" Brody tells her he understands. Jessica asks if Carrie knew he was a Muslim. Brody dismisses Carrie as somebody who was fired in disgrace.Joy wakes up a confused-looking Carrie in the middle of the afternoon, telling her they need to move out soon.Joy tells Saul she doesn't think Carrie is up for the challenge. Saul calls Estes to tell him this. Ultimately, Estes doesn't think they have any other choice and decides to stick with Carrie.Brody meets with Estes for his briefing. Just before it begins Estes is pulled out because Hammad needs him to confirm facts for a story she's reporting that night. When Estes leaves, Brody is able to get into his safe and copy the encryption key into a notebook. Hammad ends up asking Estes to have dinner with her, a way to buy Brody a few more minutes.Carrie gets through customs okay and arrives in Beirut. She finds a phone in her room and uses it to call Saul. On her way to meet with him, Saul spots somebody watching him and tells her to meet up later. But as she walks past their meeting place one of the men makes Carrie and begins to follow her. Saul advises her to ditch the phone and avoid getting taken into custody, but Carrie realizes that would end the mission. She eludes the tail, but when he finally catches up with her in a dead end in the marketplace and starts to draw a gun on her, she knees him in the crotch in order to complete her escape. Carrie seems to enjoy being back in the field.Brody wakes up late at night and disposes of his copy of the Qur'an that Jessica let touch the ground. Dana finds him in the process and asks what's he doing. He says he's burying the desecrated scripture out of respect. She helps him.
