Homeland S6 E12Dar walks purposefully to the Orsay Bar Restaurant. Late, he excuses himself and goes to a private meeting in the basement. Senator Coto is handcuffed in a refrigerator room in his underwear. Dar says it is punishment for keeping him in the dark.Rob Emmons calls Carrie at the bomb scene, General Mclendon is planning something.The General thinks there may be another bomb and they should clear the streets of protestors. Saul reassures Keane what she did was brave, she wonders why she worries the opposition so much, she has doubts of her own ability.After awhile Dar returns to the Senator and asks about Peter Quinn, the "Toxic Soldier".Carrie and Quinn split up at the protest crowd near Keane's hotel, he goes to check out the Delta Team getting organized and sees General Mclendon with his troops.Dar phones McLendon and wonders why Mclendon is pushing things, they argue.Carrie gets to Rob and says McLendon is up to something, Saul remains quiet. A Secret Service agent comes in and says there is a bomb threat against the hotel. Keane is taken away and a motorcade prepares to leave, Dar calls her and urges her to stop the convoy, the bomb is a ruse. Carrie steps in front of the moving SUVs and stops the last one. A bomb explodes up the parking ramp. Keane is safe and they go back into the hotel. Armed soldiers come down looking for the President, Mclendon orders Keane "secured" Quinn follows at a distance.Carrie takes Keane away, the Army Alpha Team pair kill the Secret Service agent staying behind. Carrie and Keane go to a service elevator and get to the basement, Quinn is there with a gun and takes them back to the SUV. He drives off with the women in the back seat floor. At street level he stops, multiple guns are aimed at them. He rams a barricade but is shot, the SUV makes it through but Quinn loses consciousness and the vehicle comes to a stop. Quinn is dead. Keane is shocked but safe.Six weeks later, Brett O'Keefe is still on air. Still ranting about President Keane. There are several people including a Senator in jail and a stronger Patriot Act. He says a civil war is coming.Carries chairs a table of senior intelligence staff who wonder when things will return to normal, she reassures them. Saul tries to talk privately. Carrie is tense and is not in the mood for smalltalk.Carrie sees the President and a new advisor, David Wellington. Keane wants Carrie to be a Senior Advisor working in the West Wing. There are some things to work out with Frannie's caseworker, but Carrie agrees to review a Top Secret file right there.Saul visits Dar Adal in jail. Dar doesn't regret everything but didn't expect things to turn as "dark" they did. Dar quotes Graham Greene on spies and still feels there is something wrong about the President and she is un-American. Dar writes the name of a GW university student in Saul's notebook, as a favour Saul will visit.Max arrives at Carrie's house, drunk. She sends him to the basement to be quiet. The Children' Services Caseworker arrives, they look around the house. Carries signs the successful home report and a new court date will be set right away. Carrie says she may be moving to Washington and the Caseworker said it should be no problem. Carrie goes to see Max downstairs, he is passed out on a bed. She begins to clean up Quinn's old things. In a drawer she finds an envelope. There are photos of a boy growing up, labelled as "John Jr." and one of her. Carrie weeps. Max wakes and sits beside her.Saul calls Carrie, he is being arrested at gunpoint. A TV report says many are being arrested. Carrie tries to call the President but is put off. Carrie rushes to see the President and can only see Wellington. Saul was arrested because he had contacts with the conspiracy. Carrie is escorted out of the building. President Keane is impassive and alone.Outside Carrie gazes at the Capitol Dome, deep in thought.
