Somewhere in Islamabad a man is taken from his home in the middle of the night by armed forces of some sort. We see Brody praying in the garage as this person is blindfolded and placed on a small plane.Carrie stops by her sister's place and isn't thrilled when her dad is there alone. She talks with her father for a few minutes before the phone rings. It's Galvez, saying the only surviving terrorist from the compound from which Brody was rescued has been captured.Saul is at the airport welcoming his wife Mira, just back from time with her family in India.Carrie steals a few pills from the family medicine cabinet and is on her way. She and her father talk about the side effects of the medication they are both taking.Saul is called away. Mira isn't happy.At the briefing we learn the terrorist, Hamid, was a mid-level member of Abu Nazir's group. Estes wants Brody to help Carrie and Saul interrogate Hamid.After the briefing Carrie tells Saul she thinks including Brody in the interrogation is a terrible idea. He says they have no choice since there is still no evidence linking Brody to Abu Nazir. Saul has what might be a prayer rug on the floor of his office.Mike is waiting for Brody during a daily run. He needs to come in but he can't tell him the reason. Brody is coolly antagonistic to his former friend. At home Chris mentions he has a karate thing coming up he'd like his dad to attend.Saul oversees Hamid's transportation.Carrie welcomes Brody to the facility where questioning will take place and pretends their support group meeting never happened. Saul interrogates Hamid, with Carrie and Brody watching in another room. Brody feeds Saul information about his torture at the hands of Hamid, the goal being to scare Hamid with how much they know about what happened. Saul mentions the safety of Hamid's family and leaves him with a piece of paper and crayon. They want him to give them some names and remind him how cruel Abu Nazir can be. Carrie thanks Brody for his help. He asks for time with Hamid but she says that's not possible.At home Jessica shows Brody a new hair cut. She did it in part to thank him for going to the support group.We see that Hamid is being subjected to torturous conditions: Every few seconds hot lights turn on and heavy metal music is blasted.The next morning Hamid begins to write. He tells them he doesn't have know any names, but gives them a Pakistani E-mail address. Carrie asks him whether Brody ever met Abu Nazir. He says he won't talk until he has proof his family (who the CIA has in protective custody) is safe.Brody goes to see Estes. He makes a lengthy plea to be able to spend time with Hamid. He says he needs to look his attacker in the eyes and show him he didn't beat him in order to move on with his life. Estes seems to be convinced.A tech guy looks into the E-mail address Hamid provided. He sends a test E-mail and tracks where it goes. Carrie is stunned when he shows her where it lands.Carrie rushes to tell everyone that the E-mail ended up at Faisel's college. He is the new focus.Estes takes Brody to see Hamid.Faisel hasn't been at the university all day. Carrie calls Virgil and asks him to help look into it.Brody meets with Hamid. Hamid ends up spitting in his face and the two wrestle on the floor, briefly out of the sight-line of the video cameras.Virgil finds an address in Faisel's office of the house near the airport.Brody comes home and finds that Mike took Chris to his karate thing. Brody and Mike have a contentious exchange.Carrie and Virgil watch Faisel's house. Saul calls her and tells her that Hamid is dead. having killed himself using a fragment of a razor blade. Carrie tells him he went through a dozen cavity searches and assumes it was passed to him. They wonder if this means Faisel could have been tipped off. Saul gives her the go-ahead to move in and they find that it appears Faisel left in a hurry.Saul and Mira have a discussion. She appears to be saying that she can no longer put up with the demands of his work schedule and needs more. The doorbell rings with Carrie. She shows him footage of Brody's meeting with Hamid and they notice the wrestling around on the ground happened to take place in a blind spot away from the room's many cameras. Carrie wants to go Estes, but Saul thinks it's too early. They get into a huge argument and he tells her to leave.A weeping Carrie shows up at her sister's door. She says she thinks she's just quit her job. She ends up staying and her nieces join her in bed.Brody apologizes to Chris and says he's proud of him.Carrie gets up in the middle of the night. One of the nieces wakes up and tells her she's a little worried about the bad guys. She wants Carrie stay with them and says they'll protect her. Carrie says, "That's my job."
