Open just after Carrie and Aayan's havng had sex. He's seems overwhelmed by the situation, particularly Carrie's matter-of-fact manner of asking if he wants to get some breakfast. She reassures him.Fara and Quinn rent a shop near where Haqqani was spotted with the Cleric. They're hoping to spot one or both of them.Carrie jumps in a car with Saul. He's leaving the country and she gives him an update on where things are with the Haqqani investigation and developing Aayan as an asset. Her goal is getting him to admit his uncle is alive. He doubts she'll be able to build trust in only three days.Carrie returns to the room and finds Aayan packing up his stuff to leave. She's able to talk him out of it by stressing the danger he's in both from the ISI and CIA. He's feeling guilty about their having had sex.Dennis tells Martha he's changed his mind about going to DC. She never believed his story about a new job in the first place and thinks he just wanted to leave her. He says he wants to stay with her and she asks him for the reason. Dennis draws a blank and Martha leaves.Quinn and Fara talk about Carrie. They spot the Cleric on a balcony across the street.We see an ISI meeting. They discuss the fact Saul is about to leave the country on a slightly different flight schedule. They know he is Carrie's mentor.Dennis tries an old key on Carrie's apartment and finds that it still works. He decides at the last minute not to go in.At the airport Saul spots Ghazi. He leaves Carrie a message then follows him on foot.Carrie conducts an "interview" with Aayan. She asks about his relationship with Haqqani. Aayan says they were close when he was younger. Carrie tells him there is a rumor Haqqani wasn't killed in the attack. This upsets Aayan, who calls the rumor "insulting."Saul continues to tail Ghazi. He calls Quinn and tells him Ghazi's about to fly to Johannesburg. They have assets who will be able to pick up the trail there.Martha tells Redmond that she needs help with Dennis, who is drunk and belligerent at the bar.Carrie tells Aayan she has a daughter and the father is dead. She tells him he was a journalist who was killed covering a story and pretends to get emotional. Aayan comforts her. They talk about their sexual encounter. He expresses interest in more and they kiss. That night we see them in bed together. During sex Carrie begins to cry. She says they are tears of joy.In the bar Dennis and Redmond talk about Sandy. Dennis tells him that he's in a world of trouble. He seems about to tell Redmond something when the female ISL agent walks up and says hello. Redmond tells Dennis that she's ISI. Dennis appears to change his mind about saying anything.Saul watches Ghazi gets out of line and goes into the bathroom. A few moments later two men follow him in there and walk out just a moment later. When Ghazi doesn't exit the bathroom Saul goes in after him. In the bathroom. Saul is ambushed. Somebody sneaks up and knocks him out with a hypodermic to the neck. Saul is placed in a wheelchair and taken out of the airport. Ghazi checks in with the female ISI agent, telling her "it's done."The Cleric leaves his residence. Fara follows on foot with Quinn nearby in a car. Quinn tells Fara they could really use some aerial surveillance help. They try to contact Carrie.Dennis crashes on the couch. He overhears Martha tell Redmond that the man she first fell for is gone, replaced by a loser.Quinn and Fara approach a roadblock. He hands her a GPS tracker and asks her to put it on the Cleric's vehicle further up in the line. Quinn still can't get Carrie on the phone and is starting to become furious. Fara is unable to put it on and we see that Saul was gagged in the trunk. Quinn and Fara turn around and leave.Dennis goes into Carrie's apartment. He takes pictures of some personal items, including family pictures and her prescription medication.While Aayan sleeps Carrie sneaks out and meets Quinn. Quinn thinks she dropped the ball and accuses her of "f'ing a child." Back inside Aayan says he has to tell Carrie something. He admits his uncle is still alive. He's sick and Aayan has been taking him medicine. Aayan references not having any family left and Carrie comforts him.
