A man pushing a suitcase enters a public buildng. Another man in hardhat and construction vest takes the case.Dar wants absolute proof, still believing Allison. He dismisses Carrie and asks her to leave. Alone with Saul, Dar says Ivan Krupin has admitted the Russians blew up the Syrian's jet. Dar also doesn't want the scandal to hurt the CIA so says Allison should be sent back to the States. Saul wants one more chance to turn her back against the Russians.On her way out, Carrie and Astrid discuss Quinn, missing for nine days.The jihadi watch and tape Quinn suffering in the test cell.Saul goes to see Allison. He questions her truth, she says she reported to David Estes, who was killed in the 12/12 Langley bombing. Becoming enraged at her passive defence, Saul attacks and chokes her until pulled off.Jonas, During and Laura discuss a man who had been arrested and wants to sue. During agrees to pay legal and medical bills. A German man, Marwan, is taped and tells his story as a deposition. Jonas agrees he has enough info for a damages lawsuit. Jonas says he will be questioned as 23 jihadis bought phones from his shop, one man bought five. The man admits overhearing about a Berlin attack by Syrians while in jail. It was a year ago and he had dismissed it. Jonas and Laura send the man away and discuss letting the government know, but Laura wants to wait for During to return the next day.Carrie returns to Quinns safehouse, sees a pair of handguns in an open case. Astrid sends a text to meet. On the way she sees a ISIL terror broadcast of Quinn in the sarin chamber. They will hit a major European City.At the CIA HQ they move into action with the Germans. Dar admits Quinn was their's and was on his way to Syria undercover. Allison suggests talking to Ivan Krupin about Syria"s gas capacity.Ivan admits they knew 6 drums of sarin chemical volatile DF was in ISIL control six months ago. Allison, not under arrest, asks Dar to let her be involved.The jihadis go over their operations plan. They give up their cell phones. Qasim and another man, Bibi, talk about the plan.Carrie walks over to the CIA and sees Saul and Astrid on the sidewalk. Carrie wants to see the raw video feed, she might see a signal.Astrid plays the Quinn video again. She turns away crying, as Quinn appears to die. Carrie notices the floor tiles, then asks to see it again.Dar and Saul have a video conference with the CIA Director Joe. There doesn't seem to be a way to buy more time there will be no appeasement and no Berlin warnings. Allison brings an old file on another lead, Bibi Hamid, his face is being loaded into German facial recognition software. Her staff are checking all old cases.During, Jonas and Laura discuss Marwan and the ISIL video. Laura argues they have to protect his confidentiality, she says the US reaction to 9/11 was overbearing and she has Marwan here at the foundation building.During phones Saul about Marwan, and asks for a guarantee he will be treated well and allowed a lawyer. Saul agrees.Bibi and another jihadi discuss an atropine injector found in the garbage and think someone tried to save the American. Quinn lies still but breathing inside the chamber, which they cannot open.Carrie and Astrid discuss Quinn sadly. An agent comes in to say the floor tile pattern is in 1500 buildings in Berin. They look at computer results overlaying the addresses with credit card purchase spots made by Bibi Hamid. There are 39 possible addresses.The jihadis are ordered to show their hazmat kits. Qasim watches nervously. His atropine is there in the case, the next man's is empty. He panics, the leader shoots him in the head.German agents arrest Marwan at the Foundation and go away quickly.Allison has a smoke on the sidewalk and chats with her watcher agent. A woman walking a dog looks at them from across the street.Carrie and Astrid drive to an abandoned site. They find signs and discover the dead man. Further on, Carrie finds the test cell and Quinn inside. His finger moves, Astrid calls in assistance and a hazmat team.The jihadi vans drive along a street. In the cab, the driver, Bibi Hamid teases Qasim, he switched the atropine kits but let it go only this one time as they are blood related.Carrie watches Quinn in a hospital bed, Saul arrives.
