We open with Body moving things around in Akbari's office. He puts the body behind the desk and cleans off his hands.We see Carrie leaves her hotel and Javadi leave his office.Brody grabs a gun from Akbari's desk and hides it in his pants. He walks out of the office and is able to exit the building with no issue. He gets in a car. At this point Akbari's secretary finds the body. Brody's car is stopped just before exiting the gates, but Brody puts the gun to his driver's head and demand he keep driving.Carrie calls Saul and tells him Brody completed his mission and needs extraction. He's suspicious of Brody and brings up the possibility Brody is tricking her. Saul says he can't authorize an extraction plan without confirmation of Akbari's death.Brody leaves his driver in a remote location, takes his cell phone and drives off. Brody meets up with Carrie, who say the plan is for them to head east to a safe house.Javadi tells Saul that Akbari is, in fact, dead. But he wants Saul to tell him where Brody is located, saying that he needs to arrest Brody so that he doesn't look weak. It will impact his ability to replace Akbari. Javadi says if Carrie and Brody are captured together he'll no longer be able to control what happens. After Saul hangs up Adal tells Saul he thinks it's too risky and he'd give them up to the Iranians. Saul disagrees and tells him to initiate an extraction plan.During their drive to the safe house Brody wistfully talks about his childhood. They arrive at the safe house andAdal is briefed on the plan to extract Carrie and Brody. It sounds incredibly risky.Saul calls Carrie at the safe house. He tells her he's going to get them out safely and says the extraction team should be there before sunrise. Saul is headed to Germany to meet them. She hangs up and Brody asks her what happens when they get home. He admits he never thought he'd still be alive and hadn't even considered the possibility. She tells him she's four months pregnant and that it's his. She is convinced they have a life waiting for them at home and he seems to agree. He falls asleep in her lap. Carrie hears something and they go outside. But it's not the extraction team. It's the Iranian police. They take Brody and leave Carrie behind.Carrie calls Saul in a panic. She tells him Javadi's men took Brody away. Saul finds out that Lockhart made the call, in part based on consultation with the president. Adal didn't hold it up and Saul is pissed at them both. Adal tells him that Brody being arrested is better than him returning home. It gives Javadi the best chance to get the top job.Carrie meets with Javadi. He tells her Brody is in prison. He has been declared an enemy of the state and was sentenced to hanging by a military tribunal. He'll be hanged that night at 4am, just before morning prayer. He says that Brody dying is the best thing for their plan being successful. She wants to see him, but the best thing Javadi can do is get Brody on the phone.We see Brody handed a phone in his prison cell. Brody says that it's over and that "I want it to be over." He says he doesn't want her to be at the execution. She says she will be there.Carrie calls Saul, who says there is nothing he can do. Carrie seems to realize Brody will die.That night Carrie joins the crowd at the execution. A car arrives at the square. Brody is brought out from inside the car as Carrie pushes closer to the front of the crowd. Nazir's widow walks up and spits in his face, then places a noose attached to a crane around Brody's neck. The crane raises and Brody begins to suffocate. Before he loses consciousness Carrie climes the fence and yells his name. Brody dies as Carrie looks on with tears in her eyes.FOUR MONTHS LATERWe see Saul and Mira having breakfast at a foreign seaside locale. She opens the paper and sees that Iran is allowing its nuclear program to be investigated. She points out that this is Saul's doing. He laments that "it only cost me my career." They'll be returning to the DC soon for the ceremony to honor those killed in the bombing. He hasn't been able to reach Carrie.A still pregnant Carrie meets with now-director Lockhart. He's asked her to be station chief in Istanbul and she accepts. Before leaving she tells Lockhart she thinks Brody deserves a commemorative star at the upcoming ceremony. He won't do it.Outside Carrie tells Quinn about Istanbul and tells him she's having second thoughts about her decision to keep the baby. She doesn't think she can be a mother. Quinn tells her that the child is a gift and doesn't want her to screw it up.Saul and Adal sit at a diner. They talk about the triumph in Iran and the fact Lockhart will be reaping the rewards for the rest of his career. Saul asks him if he'd like to join him in the private sector but Adal turns him down, saying he's a CIA "lifer."Carrie's sister and father bring her a ton of baby stuff and she seems overwhelmed. She tells them about moving to Turkey soon after the child is born and says she can't keep the baby. She says all she feels is fear. They try to talk her out of it and she says she's sad. Her dad offers to take care of the baby if she won't. At the ceremony Lockhart reads the names of those being honored with stars. Afterwards Saul sits with Carrie and they talk about how wrong it is that he got it right and still got the boot. Adal tells Carrie the director is asking for her and Saul wishes her good luck.That night before leaving the building Carrie stops at the wall. She takes out a marker and draws a star next to the others.
