Homeland S5 E2Carrie rides in an SUV at the Lebanon Syria border, the During vehicles go thru a Checkpoint. They meet a UN type blue beret Colonel. During is offering aid but wants the media to come in. The Col is upset During is working with Hezbollah. Carrie and her two partners are led away, she is disarmed and taken to the local warlord. She is ready to give $40,000 cash to him.At a TV studio Laura Sutton talks about the U.S. German intelligence leak. Carr and Saul watch the live broadcast, they look at photos of Carrie and Laura together. Meanwhile the Germans are searching Laura's apartment. The hackers also watch as Sutton sends a discreet message for more data, the bearded one says he will go and give it.Quinn watches two Muslim women meet in a park. The older one is convincing the nervous younger to do the will of Allah. Quinn tails the older woman through a marketplace. He loses her. The hacker approaches Sutton outside the TV studio with a pack but she is arrested and taken away quickly.Carrie meets an old friend Hank Wonham in a nice Beirut lobby bar. He thinks she is still CIA. At a cocktail party upstairs with suits she meets During. On the patio, During asks if everything is ready, she says Hezbollah will grant them one hour. Carrie recounts Beirut was her first foreign posting in 2004. German agent Astrid enters a locked interview room with Sutton, she says the Germans can hold her for 18 months under Section 54 and wants the hackers. The Germans only want to safeguard against home grown terrorists, Sutton angrily replies it is illegal to spy on own citizens. Saul and Allison Carr watch the interview on monitors. Saul gives Allison the bad news, she is the scapegoat and will be sent home.Carrie phones Jonas for a goodnight call.Quinn follows the woman again as she meets two others, he partly overhears a conversation. Laura is released by court order, Astrid threatens to deport her next time.During makes a motherhood speech giving $10mil at the refugee camp. Applause, Carrie and her team scan the crowd. During wants 10 more minutes to press the flesh.Carr tries to keep her job, accusing Saul of not supporting her like he did for Carrie. A young man approaches During, His bodyguard notices, warns and shoots the man. Driving off quickly they notice the streets are deserted, a bomb goes off narrowly missing them. Carrie takes over and drives to the airport. During is put on his private jet, Carrie stays behind to find out what happened. In a washroom she has a mild breakdown and cries to relieve the tension.Quinn follows the Muslim women at night, he reports a driver and three ISIL women drive off in a rental van.He then approaches the older woman, pulls down her niqab, shoots her in the head and takes a photo.Allison Carr telephones Dar and tries to keep her job, she tries to have Saul blamed instead, saying she is too valuable.Carrie finds the warlord in her hotel room, he is returning the $40,000. He shows a video of a tortured suspect saying Carrie was the target, not During.At the Deutsche Post mail drop Quinn gets his new coded instructions. In his car he deciphers the code, and is stunned by the partial result; "MATHISO", and drives off grimly.
