S7 E9Simone and Gromov wonder what happened to Dante. They are ready to leave the country by private jet. Simone enters the plane, Gromov drives back to DC.Carrie nervously waits in the hospital, Saul arrives. Dante is in ICU sleeping. There is no sign of Simone. Saul goes to the White House.Senator Paley postpones his hearing as Simone Martin has disappeared even though she was in government custody, he hints at something nefarious. Saul suggests bringing in Paley to be honest with him, although partisan he is a patriot first.A Russian calls Gromov to tell him to turn around., but he doesn't want to leave Dante behind. Then Gromov gets a call from Clayton, who gives him Dante's hospital location, they are puzzled why he is in a hospital.Dante awakes. Carrie blames the fake lawyer, his heart may be slightly damaged. Carrie tries to convince him to talk, to lose his loyalty to the Russians. Shortly after Carrie updates Saul, she has basic details of a Russian spy network and secret Twitter code words.A gray haired man walks into the St.Regis Hospital.Saul tells Keane and Wellington Dante will talk but Keane also needs to authorize the NSA to manipulate private Internet accounts.Wellington goes to brief Paley, Saul arrives in the boardroom too. Saul gives a PowerPoint presentation giving the evidence on Simone. Paley starts to believe when they show Dante Allen's involvement and how the Senator was used.Saul meets his team, the NSA incursion into an Ireland Twitter account is all set up to launch, Sandy warns that Dante may just be sending a message to Gromov. They push the Tweet online.Senator Paley questions his aide about Carrie, angry he has been used by the Russians. He asks her to come up with a messaging plan to make him look better.Clayton calls Gromov, he says the code is out for everyone to go underground, Gromov says no. Gromov calls for help from his handler, the voice is dispassionate and refuses.Saul's team monitors Twitter and 18 American users have been tracked responding to the code. Saul wants to talk to one, a Paul Wyler who is a Financial Consultant in Connecticut.Carrie goes to her sister's house, her brother-in-law is the only one home, he acts busy then reveals Maggie has started to talk to a lawyer about Frannie's custody.Simone calls Gromov to give it up or else he will be designated rogue. An American man calls Gromov in a panic as the FBI are at his door, Gromov tells him to never call again and hangs up.Carrie takes her luggage and storms out of the house.Gromov arrives at the hospital and meets his man Clayton in the parking lot. Clayton says Dante is held under high security. Gromov shoots Clayton in the chest then rushes him into ER. The trauma team starts work quickly.Carrie tries to pick up her daughter but the school staff gently try to refuse, Carrie demands.Gromov slips on orderly scrubs and pushes a cart. He makes it to Dante's room. Gromov denies trying to kill him and the fake lawyer was a setup by Carrie. Dante calls Carrie just as she is getting Frannie. Dante is saddened, then tells her Gromov is there. Gromov rushes to the bed and smothers Dante with a pillow.Carrie has to leave Frannie with the Principal as she rushes off and calls for a lock-down on the hospital. Backing up her car Carrie almost hits Frannie, she starts to hallucinate and makes it to the hospital only to find out Dante is dead. Carrie begins to lose it and envisions all the other men in her life being shot, then sees a nurse as herself. She screams in a panic attack.
