Homeland S6 E5An alt-right radio jock rails against the bombing, he blames PEOTUS Keane on his show "the Real Truth". Keane is taken into protection, there are two dead and fears are of another attack.Frannie and Quin watch TV of the bombing, Carrie re-assures her daughter. Her phone rings, Reda says the bombing van was driven by Sekou Bah. Reda asks her to go to the Bah apartment to see to Sekou's mother and sister. Quinn agrees to babysit.Keane's helicopter lands in a park, the secret service don't tell her what is happening.The FBI is at the apartment, Conlin is furious, he says he will tell the Director about her blackmail voicemail, she still refuses to disclose her source.The media arrives at the door of Carrie's house. Quinn close the door on them.Keane is taken to a safe house but the secret service won't give her phone back.Carrie goes to see her NSA contact, he denies sending her the recording, he says he just made out a contact-report after her request and sent it upstairs, as per procedure.Quinn grabs the reporter and demands to know who sent them, he freaks out and pushes her down the front stairs. The babysitter has arrived but Quinn refuses to let the girl take Frannie.Dar Adal briefs Keane, he explains Carrie Mathieson was involved in the defense of the van bomber and had him released on a technicality. Adal leaves to get Saul at the airport.A riot breaks out at Carrie's house after Quinn fires shots outside. He takes the babysitter and Frannie to his basement suite.Carrie calls Conlin to explain there must be a third-party involved, he is distracted and says there is a hostage situation at her house.Carrie rushes to her house and tries to explain about her daughter and Quinn, the police move in with an assault team. Quinn waits in the house. He grabs the first SWAT trooper and the police i/c calls off the raid.Adal picks up Saul. Saul explains to Dar about the cigarette package and suspects Abu Dhabi was a charade, he is waiting for a confirmation from Javadi.Quinn ties up the SWAT cop who tries to calm Quinn down. Frannie is scared and wants to leave but Quinn gets angrier. Carrie finally gets the police to let her talk to Quinn alone, she approaches the house.Quinn now has the M16 and is unhinged, the police once again plan a takedown. Carrie tries to get Quinn to calm down, he shows her his phone and mentions "proof". She protects him as the SWAT storm in, Quinn is cuffed.Keane cannot get her Chief of Staff, in the safehouse she finds her minder watching TV.Carrie has the babysitter take Frannie for a few days.The "Real Truth" host continues to berate Keane and interviews a General, as Keane watches.Alone, Carrie finds Quinn's phone and flips through the photo gallery, warily she looks across the street at the watcher's window.
