S7 E5Protestors attack the SUV bringing Saul to the Richmond Federal Bldg. 19 dead, including 3 kids, Saul berates a chastened O'Keefe. The shock jock stresses someone else must have caused it.Carrie goes to see a man named Anson at a trailer park. The man is grumpy, buzzed on beer and down on his luck. She says she is organizing a team.The FBI Director defends his team at a debrief meeting with the President. Saul proffers that overseas agents, the usual suspects, may have caused the incident.A memorial service is planned for Richmond, Keane wants ideas on how to spin the events. Wellington puts down the possible Russian angle.Carrie has a team of four ex-CIA agents, Allen and Max. They plan the Simone operation.Wellington explains the Memorial, which will be tense politically. Keane notices the five dead FBI haven't been included in the planned service. The President goes to see Jackie Goodman, a grieving FBI widow. Keane hugs the woman and asks her to attend the Massacre Church Service to help heal the Nation.In Wyoming, Saul arrives at a nice cabin, Russian defector Ivan Krupin, from the Berlin sarin gas and Allison Carr incident two years previously, lives there with his family. The men take a walk along the river, Saul asks if a known Russian operative could be busy inciting a riot in the US.Carrie and Dante stake out a building and photo the people coming and going. They chat and seem happy doing field work again.Saul thinks the Russian started Brexit, but after some deep thought and using an allegory Ivan says sometimes domestic crises are just domestic crises.After dark, Max is on shift taking photos, Carrie and Dante are in the Command Van. Simone gets ready to leave, but her car was disabled. Max intercepts her call for Roadside Assistance, and stalls for time. She returns to her office.Driving, Saul calls in for a check on Ivan, not sure if the Russian has really defected.The Church service is televised nationally. Wellington and Keane are watching and waiting for Ms. Goodman. Keane says to prep the National Guard for riots. Then, Goodman and two other FBI widows enter the Church. After some tension, Mary Elkins defuses the situation by taking the newcomers to sit in her pew.Simone is frustrated as Max keeps excusing the service vehicle. One of the ops team kills the power in the NGO building, Simone is the last one there. Three men assault her in a dark stairwell. One demands $100,000 for keeping quiet about the McLendon murder. Simone gasps in pain and says she can't. The man tells her to have the money for Thursday morning. The three men leave, one had put a listening bug in Simone's purse. Simone goes outside but her bug is dead, no audio. Max has another bug, Carrie follows Simone to a nearby bar. In the Ladies' Room Carrie manages to put the new bug in Simone's bag.Wellington reports the service ended peacefully, Keane will be making an announcement. Simone calls Wellington to meet at his house in 45 minutes.Keane makes a somber Address to the Nation and calls for Unity.Simone calls an Uber, the team prepare to follow in three vehicles. In the car Carrie and Dante compliment each other. Simone arrives at Wellington's house, but forgets her purse in the Uber cab. Dante explains the bug is not important now as they have established the link to Wellington. Dante thinks they have enough to bring Simone up to the House Committee, Carrie wants to sleep on it. Max sends her a text, Carrie goes to the van.Max shows her the feed of Simone and Wellington talking. Surprisingly, Simone makes no mention of the attack and request for $100,000. Simone and Wellington have sex on his sofa. Carrie is flabbergasted.
