Homeland S6 E9Carrie is interviewed by a psychologist. Talking about Brodie and Frannie is painful for her. The doctor tries to give her some advice.Keane meets Dar Adal at short notice and explains the Javadi meet and Saul's error. Adal acts like he's hearing it all for the first time. Keane will place sanctions against Iran but needs contingency plans. Dar suggests a harder line.Max tracks down Conlin's movements from cell phone records and finds the same mystery office, a startup, and their hiring call. Max intends to go undercover and take a job there.Adal meets Javadi in a nice hotel room and and they joke around, Javadi is anxious for the $45milion and move to Costa Rica. Dar dampens the mood and explains that Mossad is still after him, the door knocks and Dar opens it to three heavies ready to take Javadi.Javadi is able to pocket dial Carrie and as the men struggle Carrie gets Saul to track the call. But too late, Javadi is hooded and put into a laundry hamper for rendition.Sheriffs deputies arrive at the Lake House, they see the bullet holes and break in. Quinn has laid Astrid on the couch. The cops search the house with guns, Quinn escapes unseen.Saul and Carrie search the empty hotel room. Carrie finds Javadi's phone in a hamper.Saul now brings the phone to Keane and they watch the financier Nafisi being beaten. Carrie openly names Dar Adal as being the American involved with the Mossad. Keane is furious. Carrie then explains about the Sekou Bah bombing and the mystery man.Max is interviewed by Brett O'Keefe, his resume is impressive but there is a missing year. Max at first refuses to explain, then hand writes a notation "M & M", masturbating and meth. He spins a story of losing a loved one. Keefe hires him.Quinn siphons gas and makes a Molotov Cocktail, tosses under a truck. Inside a gun shop men run outside to put out the fire, Quinn steals a bag full of guns from the empty shop.Keane introduces her new Solictor General to Carrie and they discuss the weak evidence against Adal. The plan is to bring Carrie in to make a statement against Dar for falsifying reports on what happened in Berlin.Max is taken to his workstation, in a crowded underground office. They have a technical problem right away for him to start in on.Carrie meets Saul in a park, she explains the only way to get Dar is by the Berlin breach and coverup. Saul realizes this will ruin his reputation. Carrie gets a call she can meet her daughter.Dar comes to meet Keane for another routine meeting. She puts on an act and offers coffee. She hints at the Director CIA position.Max reviews the web work the group is doing, they are faking online profiles and news items, he fixes a firewall issue and the work continues.Dar gets a ride but is testy with the driver. He enters his house. Quinn waits for him. Adal acts surprised to hear what happened at the Lake House and professes fatherly love. Quinn slugs him then goes to his car. He listens as Dar phones the bomber/shooter, angry but the man is nonplussed and said he had other orders. When Dar mentions Quinn was just there the man hangs up. Too late, Quinn has used a scanner device to track the location.
