Homeland S6E2Quinn listens to an alt-right radio broadcast, Carrie tells Frannie not to eavesdrop. Another mom comes by to escort the girl to school. Carrie knocks on Quinn's door to give him meds, she brings it downstairs, but he is almost catatonic. She brings in Max her old CIA tech, to babysit Quinn and goes to work. Quinn is a little more civil to Max and asks for canned food.Sekou asks his lawyer and Carrie when he will get out. He explains the $5000 was a loan to help his family get to Nigeria to see his deported father. His video friend Saad lent the cash. Sekou says he refused to meet Saad's friend.Max brings a tray of food to Quinn, who reverts to quiet insolence.Carrie interviews Ms. Bah, the lawyer says Sekou is being charged with Attempt to Assist Terrorism, which is serious. The sister agrees to let them know where Saad is. Carrie calls Max to search out Saad. Saul arrives at Carrie's office. He wonders if Carrie is advising the President-Elect who is a known friend of Otto. Carrie laughs it off but gets angry when Saul says others would not be happy if it was true.Dar meets the PEOTUS aide in a nice restaurant, he warns the man the Israelis have reported Iran is cheating on the nuclear deal. Iran is doing some parallel nuclear work with North Korea, but the Israelis will be 'taking out' an Iranian scientist in Abu Dhabi, Dar asks the aide what the CIA should do.Max found info that Saad may be a confidential informant for the FBI. Carrie wants to talk to Saad, Max follows Quinn who goes for a walk. Quinn goes to a corner store to buy beer. Quinn has a seizure in the aisle, Max says to call 911.The lawyer asks a judge to talk to Saad, Carrie confronts Agent Conlin about entrapment. The judge denies the request on National Security grounds, but they will get written statements. The Prosecutor has offered 7 years jail for Sekou.Quinn refuses medical help from the EMT and says Max will take care of him.Sekou is told Saad is an FBI plant. The lawyer mentions the 7 years but says they will bargain down. Sekou is furious and taken away by a burly guard. The lawyer warns Carrie to stay away from Saad. Carrie gets a text and leaves, she takes a cab. She goes to see the Madame President-Elect.The aide briefs her on Dar Adal. Carrie suggests sending Saul Berenson to Abu Dhabi, he can be trusted. Dar looks at camera snaps of Carrie going to the hotel. Saul meets Dar at the restaurant, who tells him the PEOTUS wants Saul to go to Abu Dhabi.The sister meets Saad at night, Carrie is there. She demands to know about the $5000 and stresses Sekou is a harmless kid. Saad admits Agent Conlin recruited him and the money was just to entrap Sekou, the FBI doesn't care Sekou was just practicing free speech.Carrie goes home, Frannie is asleep. Max is still there, he reports the seizure and Quinn's unhappiness, mentions Quinn's fixation on Carrie. She looks in on Quinn, he asks what happened to him, he doesn't recall what happened in Germany. She plays the old Internet video of his poisoning, Quinn is transfixed. He wonders why she saved him. Carrie is stunned at the question and cries, then goes back upstairs.
