We open with Quinn greeting Carrie at the CIA. He apologizes for shooting her but she doesn't want to talk about it. While she was in the hospital he looked at her records and he now knows she's pregnant. He wonders if perhaps she should avoid this part of the mission given her connection to Brody. Carrie says the baby isn't Brody's.We see that Brody and his team are in Iraq, a few miles from the Iranian border.Carrie and Quinn enter the secure room where the operation is being conducted. Carrie is told the guys are waiting for nightfall.Adal meets with Higgins. Adal assures him that the risk of the mission is worth the potential reward.Carrie asks about the border patrol Brody will be turning himself over to. It's clear they aren't 100 percent sure what he'll be facing.Brody goes over the back-story he'll use to tell the Iranians regarding how he got there. It involves him getting connected with Al Qaeda.Saul enters the command center. The drone temporarily goes offline and it's clear Carrie is nervous.Brody prays and the team gets into two vehicles and begins the trip to the border. Via night vision they see that foreigners are in the process of paying off local officials with gas. It means the road to the border is blocked. With the drone offline the guys get out of one of the trucks and pretend to be having car issues while waiting for a new route from Langley. Brody is getting edgy.Back in Langley the drone comes back online and the route is scouted.During this time three Iraqi police officers approach. They don't buy the cover story, thinking the men are Al Qaeda. The officers decide to inspect the vehicle and see Brody in the backseat. At this point the order is given and CIA team quickly kills the three men. One of the officers is killed near Brody, and his face ends up covered in the man's blood. While the bodies are disposed of Brody panics and runs off. One of the CIA men grabs Brody and is able to talk him down from the ledge. They are ordered to the alternate crossing point.Adal convinces Higgins that the president doesn't need to be told about the three police officers being killed. He agrees, but gets the JSOC commander on the phone.Lockhart and the general in charge of JSOC arrive at Saul's CIA operation headquarters. Saul goes out to meet them and Lockhart says they're there to "advise and observe." Lockhart points out that he'll inherit whatever comes of this mission. Saul lets the general inside and asks Lockhart about giving him more breathing room. Lockhart tells Saul he's lucky Higgins called them rather than the president or the national security advisor.Brody is given final instructions for reaching the drop point. Word comes in that there is an Iraqi patrol nearby. This shouldn't be a huge problem, but it means they'll have to be careful. Only one of the men will take Brody to the drop point.The truck Brody and the other men are riding in hits a land mine of some kind.When Brody cannot be reached Higgins starts to panic. He calls Saul and suggests the possibility of hitting the spot with a drone, which could be spun as a U.S. mission to take out Brody. Saul refuses to order a strike on his own men.At this point Brody and the other man crawl from the vehicle. Brody seems okay but the other man has lost a leg. Brody pulls him into a nearby shed and radios the other guys to carefully follow their path to help get them out. A more comfortable Brody seems to be reverting to his Marine days. The other guys arrive but begin taking fire from the patrol. With helicopters eight minutes away the only option seems to be fighting their way out of there in the remaining vehicle and abandon the mission. Saul turns the mission over to the JSOC general, who orders them to coordinate a withdrawal in conjunction with air support from a drone. Saul leaves the room dejected. Brody hears the order and realizes what is happening. He doesn't want to abandon the mission. Brody refuses to go with the other guys and eventually Carrie is put on with him to attempt to talk him down. She tells him that without any extraction plan he won't come out of there alive. It doesn't work and Brody sprints for the border by himself, dodging sniper fire along the way. The missile strike is ordered. At the last minute one of the other guys decides to help Brody. The two of them come up with a plan, but when they get up to sprint, they come face to face with an enormous military unit. Brody immediately requests asylum in Iran. It appears to work.Back at HQ they get word that the Iranians are saying they have two prisoners. The plan is back in business.Carrie goes to Saul and gives him the word that "you are still in the game."The other man asks Brody what to expect in terms of torture. Brody says he'll eventually be broken and the man says he hopes he'll be able to hold out long enough for Brody to execute the mission.Carrie goes to see Fara. She tells her that their plans have changed and mentions Fara having an uncle in Tehran. Fara immediately resists, saying that it will put her family in too much danger. Carrie says all they need is a safe house and Fara appears to consider it.The guys hear a noise and Javadi walks in the room with another guard. Brody tells him he's formally seeking asylum. Javadi asks to be left alone with the two men and asks Brody if he's "ready to go with me to Tehran." He then shoots the other CIA operative. The other guard rushes back into the room and Javadi tells Brody: "Now. We go to Tehran."
