We open with Carrie looking through the database of Pakistani intelligence officers looking for the man with the earpiece at Sandy's murder. Redmond comes in and tells her he is Farhad Ghazi, a "local hood" that ISI occasionally uses.Aayan drops by Kiran's place looking for the bag he left. She tells her him her father found it and destroyed the contents. At this moment her father comes home. He calls Aayan a drug dealer and says he reported him to his medical school for the theft.Carrie tells Saul that Sandy was killed by ISI. She shows him a picture of Ghazi. He thinks she needs to pass the information on Langley, but she worried that the proper channels won't get them any justice. Saul says Quinn calls him, worried about Carrie's emotionless response to what happened.Quinn arrives and checks in with Fara. Moments later Aayan arrives. Fara meets him but he only wants to talk to Carrie. Fara convinces him to wait.We see that Redmond has a man tracking Carrie. They are aware of her personal detail.Carrie arrives and speaks with Aayan. He wants to take her up on the offer to get him out of Pakistan. He also wants about 500 pounds in cash. She shows Aayan a picture of Ghazi and says if that's the man who threatened him he's in quite a bit of trouble. Aayan immediately begins crying. Aayan says he can't tell Carrie why he needs the cash, but she agrees to give it to him. Aayan leaves and Max tails him.An Arab woman waits after a lecture to speak with the teacher, a Professor Boyd. She tells him she knows that he had an arrangement with Sandy that involved information directly from the ambassador's desk. She doesn't think Sandy's death means that relationship should end. Boyd plays dumb.Saul meets with an old Pakistani intelligence buddy, now retired, named Bunny. He asks if he's knows anybody in the ISI Saul could talks to. Bunny isn't interested, but Saul points out that he owes him a favor.Max and Fara follow Aayan to a teaching hospital. They see Aayan give the money to a woman in scrubs, who tells him to wait.Quinn breaks into Ghazi's apartment and is able to sneak into his bedroom and clone his cell phone.Professor Boyd is on the phone with an unknown associate who apparently has some power, but isn't interested in doing Boyd any favors. Boyd at least wants an office so he can convince Martha he's telling the truth, and voices his mounting anxiety over his current situation. We then see he is Martha's husband. He tells her he's been offered his old job by George Washington. He's planning to leave the following week and she's worried it will strain their marriage. He references their son Toby and says he's tired of following her career around, and says he's already said yes and is returning home in a few days.Carrie and Quinn catch up. He talks about struggling to get over some of the things he's done. Quinn attempts to convince Carrie that he was a bad guy in his role with the CIA, going from mission to mission without remorse or feelings. When Carrie asks him to stop, he tells her she needs to hear it, implying she's becoming the same way.After several hours the nurse Aayan spoke with leaves the hospital. Aayan is waiting for her outside. She gives him a bag.Carrie asks Redmond to drop the tail on her. He references a tunnel.Saul meets with a higher-up in the ISI, who agreed to speak with him as a favor to Bunny. Saul lays out what he knows about Sandy being killed by the ISI. The man gets upset and cuts the meeting short.Carrie takes Quinn aside and thanks him for returning. He assures her "we're good."When it appears they will lose Aayan in some heavy traffic, Fara decides to follow him on foot. She sees him meet with several men. Two vehicles arrive and a number of armed men get out.At this exact moment Ghazi gets a phone call that seems to indicate he's been pulled. He packs up his belongings and prepares to leave. Carrie thinks they should grab him but Quinn thinks it's way too dangerous. Fara calls in and says the man Aayan met with was Haqqani, the terrorist supposedly killed in the air strike. Fara sends her video that shows Aayan and Haqqani embracing. Quinn tells Carrie that Sandy's death finally makes sense - they had been played from the beginning, as Haqqani was not killed in the drone strike on the wedding, and may not have even been present at the time. They understand why the Taliban wanted them to think Haqqani was dead, but they're not sure about the ISI.Professor Boyd goes to his office to clean out his things. The woman who met him at the lecture is there, along with two guards. She tells him that if he attempts to leave Pakistan they will send evidence that he stole documents from his wife's computer to the FBI. This will lead to him being arrested for treason and Martha's career being ruined by association. She promises that if he does what she asks he can leave Islamabad with no strings attached. She hands him a key and says "this is how we begin."Carrie tells Fara not to move forward on passport and visa for Aayan. The new information related to Haqqani makes him too valuable. Fara points out that Aayan could simply be providing Haqqani medicine, but Carrie's plan is to use Aayan to get to his terrorist uncle.At the safe house Carrie is awoken by a knock on the door. It's Fara with Aayan. Carrie tells him this will be his home for several days before they move him to London. Aayan doesn't like it, but seems to agree. They make up the couch for him and she begins to flirt with him heavily. He tells her he was kicked out of his medical school for stealing medicine from the pharmacy. He's worried this will hurt his chances for the position at King's College she promised him. She makes a move on him and he seems to indicate he's a virgin. She climbs on top of him and they begin to have sex.
