Carrie is watching Brody get ready via covert video surveillance. She knows his habits well and notices that he seems a tad paranoid.Brody, every bit the hero and playing the good soldier card, speaks easily and inspirationally to a group of troops about to embark for the Gulf War, advising them: "Friendly fire isnt. Never lie. Never leave a man behind. And if you pick it, it will not heal." They laugh.A political operative of the vice president, Elizabeth Gaines, asks Estes about Brody's psychological state, seemingly looking into the possibility for him running for office. It's implied that this will help Estes' chances to be named CIA director.Saul is next in Estes' office. He tells him about Abu Nazir and the necklace and they head over to Carrie's briefing. She is explaining that Reed's necklace was brought to a laundromat that doubles as a Hawala broker brought by Bin Abbud's top aide, Latif Bin Walid. 51 people have come and gone since and they believe one of them may have the money. The plan is to open files on all of visitors. We see that one of the men is our homebuyer of the house near the airport.Carrie's warrant is about to expire. Saul says he can't help her extend it and tells her to take down the surveillance and cover her tracks.After his speech Brody invites Mike in for dinner, noting that for the past few weeks he hasn't been hanging out. Brody makes a comment that implies he's aware of what went on while he was gone between Mike and Jessica, though he doesn't explicitly accuse him.Brody comes home to Chris excitedly watching a buck in the back yard. Brody grumpily mentions the deer will probably trample their new flowers. Brody goes to the garage to pray. He daydreams about hugging Jessica when he left for war. Brody then unlocks a toolbox and starts cleaning his military-issue handgun.Brody notices that the flowers have indeed been trampled by the deer. The family leaves for church, allowing 90 minutes for Carrie to remove the surveillance. Carries hates it, but Virgil pushes her out the door.We see the Brody family at church while Carrie, Virgil and Max remove the surveillance equipment. In the garage Carrie finds the basin Brody's been using to wash his hands when he prays. She doesn't seem to connect what it means. Virgil tells her they're almost done and they remove the last camera.After church Body is introduced to Gaines, who attended the service. She wants to take him to lunch the following week.Mike tells Jessica about the interaction with Brody. He thinks they should find a way to hang out together as a group. Jessica starts to confide in Mike about Brody but stops herself.Estes asks another agent, Danny Galvez (Hrach Titizian), about Carrie. He dangles a promotion in exchange for information about her. Carrie comes in and Estes leaves. They discuss the guy we know bought the house near the airport, a professor named Raqim Faisel (Omid Abtahi).Jessica asks Brody about the meeting with Gaines. Carrie sits, watching from the car. Galvez calls her with information about Faisel taking strange trips to the Middle East.Jessica comes into Dana's room and asks if she's told Brody about her and Mike. Dana asks if she and Brody are getting a divorce.While waiting to meet with Faisel, Galvez asks Carrie about Estes. She reluctantly confirms that they had a one-time hook-up. Faisel leaves his school and heads away from his apartment. The woman he is living with gets a call from a man who tells her that she should tell Faisel that the "traffic on the beltway is bad and he should take a different route." She rushes upstairs and hangs an American flag out an upstairs window. Faisel sees this just as he is about to turn into the driveway and calmly drives past the home.At a bar Carrie and Galvez tell Estes that it looks as if Faisel's background checks out. Estes reaches out to her and they appear to make up on some level.Jessica does some drinking at the party they're hosting. Mike and a date arrive. Brody is in the garage alone, watching the people inside while he cleans his gun. He notices Jessica place a hand on Mike's shoulder as he moves past her.We hear gunshots and everybody goes outside. Brody has shot the deer. Chris walks outside and is upset. The partygoers leave and Jessica has it out with he husband, yelling at him for being distant and not being able to have sex with her. She says they need help. She says if he won't do it "I can't do this anymore."Carrie gets home and starts staring at pictures of Brody.Faisel and the woman discuss what happened with him being followed. He thinks they should leave, but she tells him they have been instructed to stay in the home. They kiss.Faisel appears to have been cleared by the official investigation.Carrie asks Saul if she can put a tail on Brody. He says no.At home that night Carrie seems to think of something. She leaves.Brody tells Jessica he's leaving to drop in on a veteran's support group, and from her reaction, we she she approves and takes this as a sign of hope. Carrie is outside the home, watching this.She follows Brody to the support group. Carrie goes inside and bumps into Brody, telling him "I'm not supposed to be here." She leaves and he follows her outside. She pretends to be worried he recognized her since she's an active intelligence officer. Carrie says she bounces around to various meetings. They start talking and seem to strike up a rapport, connecting on a 'nobody understands what we've been through' level.
