S7 E1Carrie Mathison has a vigorous treadmill workout then joins her sister's family for breakfast. The news says a reporter has been jailed. Carrie and the teenage niece share views about Keane. The brother-in-law is a Treasury Dept staffer, recently transferred in from Rome. The teen is sarcastic with him too. He takes the girls to school. Maggie is understanding of the President and says Phil is treated like a scab at work. The sisters clean up together.After, Carrie goes to her room and gets a duffle bag, it has a gun and other stuff she puts in a pack.President Keane addresses the Court at the Naval Yard for sentencing, General McLendon is defiant. She accuses him of murder and sedition and the penalty should be death.Wellington asks her to ease up afterwards. He is worried about a Special Prosecutor, Senator Paley's Committee and the 200 people in jail.Brett O'Keefe and Sharon, on the run for two months, are stuck in a traffic jam, O'Keefe wants to find a house with Internet so he can do his daily broadcast. Their driver suggests a small town 20 minutes away.Carrie waits in a a nice bar. She's meeting a Senator and his aide Janet in the backroom. Carrie says her informant, a former FBI agent, will talk but they need to give identity protection and a face to face meeting. The agent has interviewed many of the 200 in jail. Carrie gives them a burner phone for contact. The three think this will help incriminate Wellington. Carrie goes out and leaves a secret message on the advertising notice board.O'Keefe goes to a mattress shop in a small town. Sharon quickly sets up a broadcast desk and arranges the video up-link. O'Keefe goes into his spiel, Day 52 of the Resistance. He claims the attempt on the President's life was a fake, and he rages about Keane demanding a firing squad for McLendon.Carrie checks into a nice hotel. She changes clothes to dark pants and jacket and puts on a brown wig, and leaves by the stairwell. She drives off to another hotel, checks in as Lisa Salter.Max retrieves Carrie's pack from the bar.Keane strides into the Oval Office. McClendon has been sentenced to life, Keane is upset, Wellington is sorry and urges her to move on. She reads him the riot act and wants it "fixed", if he can't the she will find someone who can.Carrie hides a wine bottle in a meeting room and closes the drapes. She goes to the lobby and waits in a chair.O'Keefe has a beer with Sharon and plans for the next day, she is tired and wants to go home. Police lights flash outside, they gather up their stuff to leave by the back, but the cops stop them, to, protect them and take them to safety. He pleads with Sharon to stay another couple of days.Agent Dante Allen arrives at the hotel, Carrie watches him go to the elevator. Another man in a suit has followed him there and makes a call. Carrie goes to the concierge and makes a specious complaint about the man, then goes to meet Allen. Allen has already opened the wine. She tells him he has a tail, they sneak down to the parking garage. Allen gets nervous but she orders him into the car. She calls Janet on the burner to change the meeting address.Wellington goes to the prison to see Saul Berenson, they hadn't met before. Wellington came on his own. Wellington offers him a job as National Security Advisor, Saul states his terms as open access to the Oval Office, the release of some more prisoners. Wellington says the prisoner release is impossible.Carrie meets her niece on a street, she is dismayed to hear Frannie is being babysat by the girl's boyfriend. Josie drives away in her car, but looks in the rear-view mirror and sees Carrie and a man.Carrie and Dante go to an office. They talk about a case in Cabo that went sideways. She tells him to talk to the Senator, his career is a dead-end. He did not plan to and needs convincing. The door knocks and Senator Paley barges in. Carrie tries to mediate, but Allen is upset and leaves, pushing her away. The Senator leaves upset also.Wellington goes home, a team of suits are there on the President's orders, he angrily kicks them out. Max is one of them with the pack.Carrie goes home. Her sister and husband are there, they know the daughter Josie had been up to something with Carrie. Carrie explains she needed the keys to his office, the brother-in-law is upset. Maggie knows Carrie owes $38k in credit card bills. The sisters argue, Maggie says Carrie has to see a doctor tomorrow. Carrie wearily goes to see Frannie. In her room she, gets a text from Max, turns on her PC, she has multiple live video and audio feeds from inside Wellington's house. She sees Wellington watching the news clip of General McLendon going to prison.At the prison McLendon is strip searched, a guard tugs at the General's tongue and probes his mouth. After the guards leave the room McLendon collapses on the floor before he can get dressed in prison uniform. In the other room room the guard carefully puts his blue latex gloves into a baggie.
