We open Homeland's fourth season finale with Carrie back in the United States preparing for her father's funeral at her sister's place. Dar Adal shows up looking for Quinn. Carrie hasn't seen him and assumes he's still in Islamabad hunting down Haqqani. Adal tells her that Haqqani has disappeared, with full protection of the Pakistani military.Saul is also back stateside, having been given a full year's severance from his private sector gig. He wants back into the CIA but Mira doesn't think that's a possibility.While at the park with Fannie, Carrie runs into a friend of her father's. She learns that her father believed in her and always knew she'd return to take care of her daughter.Carrie returns to her sister's and is shocked to find her mother Ellen in the kitchen. Carrie wants no part of the woman who has been gone from their lives for 15 years and chases her off.Saul has a meeting about perhaps getting back involved with the CIA. The biggest obstacle seems to be the video of him with Haqqani. The sense is that as soon as it surfaces Saul will be "persona non grata."Carrie gives a moving eulogy at Frank's funeral. She talks about her father helping raising her daughter when she couldn't be there. Outside the church she spots Quinn. They embrace. On the way to her house he said after Haqqani disappeared his German friend helped him get out of Pakistan. She tells him about having a shot at Haqqani and Khan stepping in. She tells him about the visit from Adal. They agree Quinn should steer clear.Later Saul takes Carrie aside and says there was no official contact between the US and Pakistan. Saul never mentioned Adal by name and thinks the two of them should keep Adal's presence in Haqqani's vehicle to themselves for the moment.After a night of cocktails and reminiscing, Carrie walks Quinn to his car. They kiss, but she immediately says she thinks a relationship would be a mistake, that she would mess it up somehow. Quinn has seen her at her very worst and wants to give it a shot. He says he needs her to help keep him away from the CIA and begin a normal life. She agrees only to consider the possibility of a relationship.That night Carrie goes though some old pictures of her father. She has a revelation and the following morning tells her sister she's going to drive to St. Louis and track down Ellen. She wants her mother to tell her face-to-face why she left.A member of Quinn's CIA group pays him a visit in person and tells him about a mission to get some IS agents. It leaves the following night. Quinn passes, but he gives him a pretty strong guilt trip about how the mission has a significantly reduced chance of success without him.After driving all night Carrie arrives at Ellen's door. She's greeted by a teenage boy who tells her Ellen's at her work. Carrie says only that she's "a friend." At her school Ellen tells Carrie the boy she met was her half brother. They agree to talk later that day when Ellen gets off work.Saul and Adal meet. Adal says with Lockhart about to step down he think he can get Saul's name to the top of the list as the next director. Saul doesn't think it's possible given the video. Adal hands him a copy of the video, saying Haqqani has given him the assurance it will never see the light of day. Adal says he "reached out" Haqqani. The deal was that if Haqqani didn't harbor terrorists Adal would take his name off the kill list. Haqqani's surrender of Saul's video was a gesture of good faith. Adal asks him to "come back, lead us."Quinn calls Carrie, having heard she drove to Missouri. Carrie doesn't give him an answer about a relationship, but when he offers to fly out and see her she says she has too much on her plate at the moment.Ellen tells Carrie she left the family after becoming pregnant with Carrie's half-brother, Tim. Frank didn't know about the pregnancy, but Ellen admits she'd had several affairs and they ultimately ruined the marriage. She blames herself for what happened. Carrie tells Ellen about being diagnosed with bipolar disorder and not having a mother when she most needed one. She was under the impression Ellen left because people with the illness Carrie and Frank share are incapable of maintaining long-term relationships. Ellen assures her that's not the case.After the conversation with her mother Carrie is desperate to speak with Quinn. When she finds his phone has been disconnected, she calls Adal.We see Quinn show up at the airstrip. He's headed out with his team.The following day Carrie drives to Adal's home. She demands to speak with Quinn, but he tells her Quinn's team has gone dark. The mission sounds dangerous and it's unclear when Quinn will return. Carrie threatens to expose Adal's meeting with Haqqani to the media if she isn't granted access to Quinn. She thinks a deal with Haqqani dishonored those killed at the embassy and if Saul knew about it "he'd spit in your face." Adal responds that she should asks him herself and takes him out back where Saul himself is sitting. Carrie looks absolutely stunned and leaves the house without another word. The season ends with Carrie driving away.
