Jessica is cleaning the house while Brody shops for groceries. He calls with a question but she doesn't hear the phone so he leaves a message. Jessica and Dana talk about Tom Walker being the terrorist and how that must be affecting Brody. In the parking lot Jessica calls Brody just as he is attacked by three men. He handles himself quite well until one of them injects something into his neck.Carrie goes to the scene of the mosque shooting. Outside the Imam is saying that his people did not know Walker and the victims were fired upon first. She is met by Special Agent Hall (Billy Smith). He walks her through the scene and shows her that Walker had to have known the layout of the mosque well enough to get away.Later Carrie speaks with the Imam. He tells her he has seven eyewitnesses who said Walker never fired a shot. He implies that he knows something, but won't talk without getting anything in return, specifically an apology from the FBI.Jessica leaves Brody a message.We see somebody taking off Brody's shoes and wiping his face. Before his eyes open he flashes back to Iraq three years earlier. He is with Abu Nazir (Navid Negahban) in a nice-looking apartment. Nazir says "this is your new home" and he offers him a hot bath. In the bathroom Brody looks at himself in the mirror. After Brody cleans himself up Nazir introduces him to a young boy named Issa. He says he will live there with Issa until he learns fluent English. The young boy is shy at first and Brody tentative in his approach. But he and Issa slowly make a connection over soccer.In present day Brody is still unconscious and being examined by a doctor.Carrie tells Paul about the Imam withholding information. She suggests the FBI needs to admit being wrong. Hall basically admits his guy screwed up but says in no uncertain terms that the FBI will never admit the mistake.Brody flashes back to trying to use soccer to connect with Issa.Carrie plays the secretly recorded audio of her conversation with Hall to Estes. Estes points out that using the tape would be burning an important bridge with the FBI and that they have no guarantees about the Imam's info. He tells her not to do anything that could jeopardize the FBI's manhunt.Issa knocks over some glasses with the soccer ball. Brody takes responsibility for the accident to Nazir. Issa smiles briefly.Saul almost catches Carrie taking one of her anti-psychotic pills in his office. She tells him she's sure the Imam isn't a bad guy. Saul thinks she's approaching the problem the wrong way.Brody and Issa pray together.Carrie visits the Imam and his wife at their home. She appeals to the potential of what could happen if another terrorist attack occurs and it is discovered he withheld information. He still wants "the truth" and ultimately he refuses to tell her anything additional. At a dead end, Carrie leaves her card with them.We see Walker in the woods with his rifle. He places a target on a tree and begins to practice.Brody's English lessons with Issa are working. It's taken a years, but Issa seems to be bonding with him.Carrie gets a call from Zanira, the Imam's wife who wants to meet in 15 minutes.A hunter comes across Walker in the woods. They compare firearms and it's clear the hunter is suspicious.Zanira tells Carrie that Walker has been at the mosque 8-10 times over the past month, each time meeting with a man who does not come there to pray. The man drives a car with diplomatic Saudi plates.Issa finds Brody having one of his nightmares. He has drawn a picture of them together.Brody wakes up in present day. He is bandaged. There is a TV in the middle of the room. On it is a live satellite feed with Nazir. Brody thinks everything he believed in was based on the lie that Walker was dead. Nazir says that Walker is "helping, that's all you need to know." Brody references being trusted to teach Nazir's son. Nazir asks "Have you forgotten?"Brody flashes back again to teaching Issa. After Issa leaves for school Brody hears a huge explosion. He goes outside to find his school has been bombed. Brody finds Issa's body under the rubble. Brody weeps and carries the boy away. Together Brody and Nazir prepare Issa's body for burial.Nazir tells Brody he prays he never forgets what he committed to do in Issa's name. It sounds as if what is happening was Brody's plan, not Nazir's. The feed ends and another man comes in to play archived footage of a U.S. press conference. It's the Vice President (Jamey Sheridan) saying that a drone attack successfully hit Nazir's terrorist compound and the images of dead children are false, created by the terrorists for propaganda purposes. He further tells Brody that the Vice-President will call him shortly, asking him to run for the recently-vacated Congressional seat, and that he is to accept that request. If Brody does, it will be a signal to Nazir that he is still committed.The hunter who spotted Walker heads back to his pickup truck and looks at Walker's face on the front page of USA Today. Just before he can drive away Walker kills him.Brody is given some pills and directed to his car.Walker drives away in the hunter's truck with the man's body covered up in the bed.Brody drives away just as Saul and Carrie up to the same block. Saul says Carrie needs to find a way to interrogate the Saudi diplomat.Jessica is upset with Brody, who tells her that he was attacked and robbed. He says he has a few broken ribs but didn't want to worry her. He says he wants to make sure to spend more time with the family. She says they have a voicemail from the Vice President's office.
