Open with Dana taking a bus to see Mike.Brody and Jessica argue over Dana being missing and the ramifications of not reporting Dana's accident. From a van in the street we hear Carrie tell Virgil that Brody has a meeting with Hammad in a half hour. The phone rings with word that Dana is at Mike's. Carrie calls Brody but he doesn't answer. As soon as Jessica and Chris leave Carrie goes inside and finds him sitting on the floor in the hallway. He says he can't do it anymore. She gets him to his feet and walks him out.Jessica arrives at Mike's house. Dana's asleep. Jessica tells Mike about the hit-and-run. She asks him to let Dana sleep it off.A particularly stressed out-looking Brody meets with Hammad. She notices he seems freaked and he says it's the pressure of being involved in an attack on America. He tells her "I'm through" and walks away. She follows him but he leaves.In the van Carrie has Virgil kill the tracking and goes after Brody. Quinn wants her to bring Brody in. Carrie stops Brody at his car and explains she's trying to keep him from spending the rest of his life in prison.Estes tells Saul he's furious about Carrie and Brody both being off the grid. Saul suggests that perhaps she's trying to fix the situation. Estes demands Saul bring her back.We see Carrie check herself and Brody into a motel. She goes to get foodDana has woken up but doesn't want to call Jessica right away. She asks Mike if she can stay there. She calls Jessica for permission and asks if Brody is there. Jessica says she's not sure where he is and Dana tells her about Carrie meeting them at the police station.In the motel room Carrie tries to explain that the only way to make what he's done mean something is to help the CIA. Brody's convinced that he's already out of Nazir's plan. He seems fine with letting the CIA do whatever it wants to him. She tells him she'd envisioned stopping Nazir being enough to make what he did beforehand not matter. She tells him she thinks the deal they have is a way out for them both. They kiss and we see that they're being monitored by the CIA. While listening to the sounds of them having sex, Quinn and Saul discuss whether to shut it down. Saul convinces Peter not to take them down just yet.The next morning Brody calls Hammad and explains that he's been under a lot of pressure. He says he's having trouble at home with his daughter. Brody says it won't happen again and she thanks him for the call.Over breakfast Dana asks Mike whether it was hard when Brody came back. She asks him for a ride to Columbia Heights.Carrie tells Saul she "did what I had to do." He's concerned she's getting too close. Quinn tells them Brody is about to meet with Hammad.Hammad jumps into his car in an underground parking garage. She tells him to turn around. Hammad tells him she's reported his actions to "our friend" and asks him where he was the night before. He says he was with Carrie and acts indignant that she is even questioning him. She takes the battery out of his cell phone, which cuts off the CIA's audio.Carrie is concerned this means Hammad knows what is happening and asks to join Virgil and Max in one of the follow vehicles.Dana stops by to see the daughter of the woman she killed. The girl says "It was you. I should have known." Dana tells her she was in the car and apologizes. She says she's trying to do what's right and learns that there is a deal in place for the girl and her siblings to be taken care of. The girl yells at Dana to keep her mouth shut and not ruin things.Hammad and Brody drive all day. She has them pull over at a random point in the road. Quinn has a loose perimeter but nobody can see what they're doing. Hammad brings Brody to meet with the man from the Gettysburg operation. Carrie is concerned and Quinn grants her one driveby to get eyes on the situation. Virgil drives by and Max gets photos of the man Hammad is meeting with. Carrie wants them to stop, but Quinn tells them to keep moving. Carrie wants to arrest them immediately but Quinn thinks the play is to follow the guy. Carrie gets out of the van and starts walking towards them. Saul recognizes they've stopped next to the only clearing for miles and we hear the sound of a helicopter. Brody is shoved into the chopper and it takes off.Mike brings Dana home. She tells Jessica about seeing the daughter and it sounding like she's been paid off. Dana doesn't think she can pretend it never happened.Brody is brought to a remote location in cuffs. A car pulls up and Nazir gets out.
