Homeland S6 E11Carrie questions Quinn on what they are doing in the house, he says they have proof and the real Sekou Bah van is in the garage. Quinn wants to kill the bomber and doesn't care if he's tried for murder. Quinn then blames Carrie for turning him into "a monkey" by waking him from the coma in Berlin. He jumps around like an ape then collapses.Saul arrives at the press conference where Keane is denouncing the video about her son. She demands the cowards who made the video to come forward. The press is confrontational and asks openly if she will resign. Keane notices Saul and meets with him. He wants to talk about the video and has more info. In the morning Quinn and Carrie make up, she lets him go to follow the CIA team.Dar and O'Keefe interview Max, held in a storeroom. They know he deleted the video from the phone but he denies taking it. He does admit knowing Carrie. Dar applies pressure but Max refuses to talk, they keep him locked up.Keane demands her staff shut down the sock puppet boilerroom. Her staff have some preliminary intel and know Dar Adal is involved. Her Admin Assistant says O'Keefe has called to invite Keane to a one-on-one interview later that day. Saul points out that they are in the middle of an overthrow, same as the US has done in Nicaragua and elsewhere, Keane must respond.Carrie goes to the empty CIA house across the street , finds the van in the garage, she finds a picture of Sekou behind the sunshade. Back in the house Carrie is taken by the Bomber, they fight. Quinn arrives, shoots the man and beats him to a bloody pulp for good measure.A man brings Max lunch, Max pleads for help, the man makes a comment about the milk. Max finds an access card and escapes. He takes an elevator and leaves the building but is immediately abducted by a team and driven off in a van.At the house Carrie rehearses their story for the police. Quinn finally explains about Astrid's murder. Keane's motorcade arrives at the TV station, O'Keefe greets her in the studio, Saul is part of the entourage.Max is taken to Dar Adal. Adal asks about Peter Quinn. Supposedly Quinn has a website but Max says it's unlikely. Dar then asks Max to hack into the backup.The interview begins and Keane jumps right into the video discussion. Keane demands O'Keefe release the entire video and the postings are fake. She openly mentions the boiler room site and vows to have him jailed. Keane walks out.Carrie greets the new Solicitor General at the house, they view the bloody remains. She shows the van, being inspected by FBI agents.O'Keefe editorializes and replays Keane's threats over the air. She thanks Saul for coming forward, he congratulates her. At her hotel a large noisy protest greets her return. A protester is hit by her SUV which continues to the basement parking lot. Keane is subdued.Quinn has noticed that the planning board in the kitchen used by the rogue agents suggests they are working on something in the local time zone. Carrie looks for the Solictor General nominee and tries to call Rob but the house explodes as the FBI open the garage door. Many are killed but Quinn and Carrie are OK.Max finds Quinn's fake website, he supposedly started it four months ago and has anti-Keane messaging. Dar slams the laptop and takes it.
