In Beaumont, Texas, an anxious Aileen asks the woman at a bus stop counter for the next ticket to Mexico.In the car Brody asks Carrie if he passed the polygraph. He says he's taking some time away from Jessica and tells her his wife is sleeping with somebody else. Brody takes them to a dive bar where they shoot some pool. A member of a Neo Nazi brazenly starts hitting on Carrie and when she screws around with him they have to fight their way out of there. She says they should go to her family's cabin.Jessica and Dana get into a big fight, and the mother grounds her for the next three days.Saul tells Estes that Aileen popped up in Beaumont trying to leave the country. Texas agents are going to intercept her and he wants the chance to question her down there. Since Nazir had her boyfriend killed, he thinks she'll give him up.Brody and Carrie arrive at the cabin. She can't find the key and calls her sister. Her sister reminds her that she only has one more pill left and doesn't want her to skip her meds. Carrie gets inside before Brody and finds a revolver and loads it. Back outside she asks him about being able to beat the polygraph. He says he's become an expert on lying to save his life. They go inside and start fooling around.Aileen's bus stops in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico. Mexican police grab her outside the bus and Saul is with them. He says he's her ride "unless you prefer the federales." They ride together, with feds following behind them. They have a 25-hour ride back to Virginia. He basically presents her with the opportunity to talk to him before they arrive and she's formally handed over to the FBI.The next morning Brody and Carrie battle hangovers and debate whether they should head home.Saul asks Aileen about the plan she and Faisel had with the house. He wants to know what Plan B might be and says he can help her. He starts to talk about Faisel but isn't getting through to her yet.Brody and Carrie decide to stay and go on a hike. She tells him a story about a significant other being killed over there. He says he can't be with his wife the way he can with her.Dana drinks beer and smokes pot with her friends at home. They want to leave and she argues that she's grounded. She walks into a closed door and badly cuts her arm when the glass panel shatters.Saul asks Aileen if she realizes that she could face the death penalty. She asks why he's even here and he says he thought they could "understand each other." She talks about her father finding out she was dating the "local brown boy" and he mentions his wife being brown as well.Dana gets 19 stitches. Mike is there when they get home from the hospital, having watched Chris and temporarily fixed the door. Jessica tells Mike she misses him and they begin to kiss. Dana comes in and when her mother goes to check on Chris, she tells Mike that it would help if he'd stayed away: "There's no place for my dad when you're here."Brody and Carrie make dinner and debate whether or not to drink. They stay away from the liquor and end up having what seems to be emotional, satisfying sex. During the night Brody yells out during a nightmare. Carrie comforts him.Saul and Aileen stop in Saul's Indiana hometown. He tells her a bit about his childhood. Saul thinks she ended up where she is because of the boy she fell in love with. If that's true he says he wants to help get her through.The following morning Carrie makes casual reference to the obscure tea that Brody drinks. She covers by saying "you probably had it at Langley," but he looks suspicious.Aileen starts to ask Saul about his marriage. Saul tells her where Faisel was buried and this leads to a break.Saul calls Estes and says that Aileen was told only to buy that home underneath the airport flight path and wait for a vistor. The visitor, an American, arrived on Monday and was on the roof for an hour. Aileen is working with a sketch artist.Brody tells Carrie that he never drank tea at Langley. He asks her if she spied on him and starts to put together how they got together. She admits that she's working and he wants to know "on what suspicion?" She tries to run and he shows her that he has the gun. She tells him about the bomb-maker telling her that Nazir turned "an American POW" just before he was executed. She admits that she is the one who thinks he is working for terrorists. He puts the gun down and tells her to ask him anything. He says he didn't slip Hamid the razor blade. She asks about his garage and he tells her that he goes there to pray and admits to being a Muslim, saying he turned to religion after being "in despair for eight years." He also admits that he killed Walker. He was told by Nazir that he if he didn't beat Walker to death he'd be killed himself. Brody says he lied about meeting Nazir because he was embarrassed that he took comfort from the man. He says he did not become one of Nazir's followers, but Nazir "was kind to me. And I loved him."An agent on Aileen's roof starts scanning the area with binoculars, and tells them that it is one mile from the airport with a view of the helipad for "M-1," or Marine One. This is well within the range of an expert sniper and Saul tells Estes to send him a picture of Brody so Aileen can take a look at it.Back at the cabin Carrie still isn't convinced: "I know an American POW was turned. It has to be you." Saul calls her cell phone as Brody says he is leaving. She lets him walk out and answers the phone. It's Saul telling her that in fact a POW was turned, but Aileen has identified Walker, who is still alive and now a terrorist. She runs after Brody and tells him she was wrong and that what they shared meant something. He says "F*%# you" and drives off. She weeps.Brody goes home. He looks in on all of his family members and then goes outside to the backyard. He cries.
