Open in Venezuela. A jeep approaches five heavily armed men. The driver gets out with his hands up and tells them he found a man. It is Brody: Ghostly white and with what appears to be bullet wounds to his stomach. He is loaded into a truck and taken into a city. He's taken to the basement of a half-finished high-rise where a Dr. named Graham is waiting to try and patch him up. With the help of a woman and small boy he seems to be able to get Brody stabilized. After the surgery-type procedure Graham tells the leader of the group who brought Brody there, El Nino, that Brody should live. Graham knows that Brody is a fugitive with a $10 million bounty on his head but owes El Nino a favor. Later that night a confused Brody wakes up in pain. The woman, Esme, lays him back down and injects what appears to be heroin into his arm. Later, while Brody is half-conscious he sees somebody rifle through his belongings and take his watch. The following morning Brody has Esme, El Nino's daughter, walk him out of bed. He's still in the high-rise and looks out over a city through the open wall. El Nino tells him he's in Caracas and Brody tells him he's missing his passport. When Brody asks why El Nino is helping him he says he's an acquaintance of Carrie's. Brody and Esme walk around the building. He surveys his new surroundings and teaches her some English. The building is home to homeless children, prostitutes and drug dealers. After Brody begins bleeding he has a follow-up visit with Graham who appears to have a romantic relationship with the young boy who helped him work on Brody. Graham gives him some background of the unfinished building, which was abandoned when the economy tanked. Brody is adamant he's leaving once he gets his strength back. El Nino brings Brody his watch and passport and shows him the man they've caught with the items. When Brody confirms this was the man who robbed him El Nino shoves the thief off the side of the building to his death. He tells Brody there was no choice, in case the man told someone who he had seen. Brody returns to his room and grabs some clothes. He heads outside and quickly runs into armed men working for El Nino. El Nino tells him there is no place for him to go. This is the final stop for Brody. Graham comes to Brody with more heroin. Brody turns it down. We see Carrie at the hospital three weeks into her treatment. She's now on Lithium and asks her doctor to tell Saul she's doing better. She seems to be saying the right things but clearly doesn't believe all of them. Brody tells Esme he thinks he can seek refuge in the mosque and asks her to help him. Carrie takes a break from arts and crafts to go to the bathroom. She bangs her head on the mirror hard enough to draw blood and is discovered by a nurse. She convinces the nurse not to tell anyone of her slip-up. Esme is able to help get Brody past the guards inside the building.While stitching Carrie up the nurse tells her a man has come to visit her. Carrie is convinced this was Saul and tells the nurse to help her meet with him if he happens to return, even thought she doesn't yet have visitor privileges.Brody makes it to the mosque. Esme wants him to take her with him, but he tells her he cannot. Brody speaks with the imam, who takes his hand and brings him inside. Brody is brought inside and meets the imam's wife. The nurse sneaks Carrie down to see her visitor. 
While Brody showers two policeman break into the room and knock him to the ground. They were called by the Imam who has figured out who Brody is: "You aren't a Muslim, you're a terrorist." At this point El Nino's men break down the door. They kill the policeman, along with the Imam and his wife. The man there to visit Carrie is actually a lawyer, not there on Saul's behalf.After El Nino yells at Esme he dumps Brody into a closed room. He tells him he will die there, that no one can save him. The lawyer tells Carrie one of his partners would like to meet with her. He thinks he can get Carrie out of the hospital. He says "I'm on your side" and she's convinced he's there on behalf of a foreign country interested in turning her against the CIA. Carrie walks back upstairs and frantically goes for her meds. Graham goes to back to see Brody. Brody says he can't stay there, that it feels too much like the "hole in Iraq." Graham tells Brody he's like a cockroach and belongs there. Graham leaves behind more heroin and this time Brody injects himself.
