S7 E12Anson speeds Carrie across a bridge, Carrie is planning ad hoc what to do.Ousted-President Keane watches the goings on in Moscow on TV, President-tempore Warner comes in to ask what Saul's mission is. Keane finally says it's all about bringing Simone back. Warner seems disappointed Keane never trusted him with the info before.Saul announces to his delegation they are leaving immediately. He tells Mirov they have been recalled and invites the Russian to Washington. In the parking garage Simone is waiting in the US van. Mirov gets a call and goes to stop the van ordering everyone out. Mirov gets another call, Gromov thinks he has Simone spotted on a traffic cam, actually Carrie in her dark wig.Sandy catches Clint's phone ringing from Janet Bayne, he confesses he told Bayne about the Moscow mission. Clint says he is really sorry, Sandy makes him sit close by looking is a schoolboy.Anson and Carrie are blocked from getting to the Embassy, Carrie goes out alone to distract the Russians and buy time for Saul. She gets to a subway station. Saul gives Simone a fake Carrie Mathison passport. Simone asks if they are leaving Carrie behind. Gromov decides to go to the train station also.The US van makes it to security at the airport. The guard wants one of the men in the van, ignoring Simone, saying he killed a man at the dacha. Saul claims diplomatic immunity but the Russians surround the van.Carrie gives her red scarf to another woman who is tackled by the police. Carrie hides in a dark room.Saul talks to Warner to get the President to pressure the Russians, lies about the dacha murder but says the mission has been a success, so far. Warner will think about it. Sam Paley is with Warner and says Simone Martin cannot come back to the US. Paley urges him to throw Saul under the bus.The police search the train station. Carrie remains hidden. She calls Max for an update on Saul.Warner meets Viktor the Russian Ambassador. Warner angrily demands that Saul Berenson be released immediately. He then tells Senator Paley to GTFO.In Moscow the cops break down the door to Carrie's hideout. The gate goes up and releases the US van. Gromov realizes it is Carrie and punches her in the face, Max reports Saul is away. The G5 is wheels up heading east. Carrie smiles with a bloody nose but is taken prisoner.Three days later, Simone is ready to give Senate Intelligence Committee testimony. Senator Paley has been arrested for conspiring with a foreign power. Elizabeth Keane will be re-sworn in as President. Simone takes her seat and tells the World she is a Captain in Russia's GRU and everything that has happened was a planned operation to disrupt the US political system. She gives the details. Keane goes to Saul's task force team and personally thanks Max, Sandy, Anson and Clint. Keane promises to bring Carrie home.Carrie is in a cell, a Russian enters and seems apologetic. He takes her to see Gromov, who has a video camera setup. Carrie refuses to make any statements, Gromov offers her medication but Carrie still says no.Keane is taken by a motorcade, she will be making a National Address the next evening. Keane hasn't shown anyone her draft speech. Keane gets angry when Warner is mentioned. Arriving at the White House the entire staff claps enthusiastically. She greets Warner warmly then takes the Oath of Office.Carrie is taken to her cell and offers her guard Alexsandr "anything" for her pills. He says he will try.Warner has a word with Keane, he agrees with her new sanctions on Russia but says she should be using Congress not Executive Directives. Warner subtly tries to suggest its time for a new way. Keane agrees to think about it to Wellington. She then says she will talk to Sam Paley.Saul meets Viktor, they are negotiating a prisoner exchange, Saul is offering 3:1 but not the one guy the Russians want, Gorin.Paley is brought before President Keane. He apologizes and asks for forgiveness on his family's behalf and his 40 years public service. Keane is stone-faced and lets him grovel on his knees. Keane spits in his face and leaves without a word.Alexsandr brings Carrie food and pills. She tells him to come back later.Keane visits Arlington to see her son's grave, the day is the anniversary of his death, 14 May. She lays a wreath and has a few moments alone. Later, In the Oval Office Wellington is surprised to see the media setting up. Wellington goes to Keane to find out what she is planning, she will be sitting down and talking from the hip, no prepared speech.Gromov goes to see Carrie, he laughs at her as Alexsandr gave her fake pills and will be going to Syria. He gives her a last chance but Carrie still refuses.Keane addresses the Nation. She laments the partisan divisions in the US and accepts some blame. She fears the US democracy is failing. Everyone watches quietly. Keane says she will resign the Presidency to hand it over to Ralph Warner, to save the USA. Jaws drop. She urges everyone to work with Warner.Seven months later Saul is at a bridge on the Russian-Estonian border. The US has finally agreed to trade Gorin and others for Mathison. Carrie is brought across, totally mad and out of it.
