S5E3Carrie watches her daughter sleep, the plan is to send her to the States tomorrow. She reveals the tortured informant video to Jonas.A German woman sees her son off to school as Quinn watches.Saul goes to visit Otto During. They talk about the assassination attempt, Carrie and During's Family Nazi history. Saul questions his support for Hezbollah. During says the US is the greatest danger.Carrie's home office is covered by photos of terrorists. Carrie and Jonah take the little girl to the airport and During's private jet. During reports on Saul's visit and his dislike for him.Jonas and Carrie squabble on the drive back, Carrie admits to being too secretive and asks for his help. They go to a countryside restaurant. Carrie talks about her lithium meds and bipolar condition. Jonas professes his love for her. Carrie says she has been off the meds for three days in order to see things more clearly.At Berlin Station Saul is angry with Alison for her call to Dar Adal, but says she will be staying in Berlin, with too much going on.At a safe house Carrie explains what symptoms to look for and when to give the lithium. She shows the photos in her office, all possible suspects on who would want her dead.At a casino Astrid meets Quinn. He asks if she knows where Carrie is, and asks for a handheld Stingray.Carrie and Jonas finish having sex.The bearded hacker sees Laura Sutton enter her office, he sets off a fire alarm. The During Foundation Building evacuates and the hacker motions Sutton to follow. The CIA watchers lose track of her. Allison gets upset.The hacker and Sutton chat in an alcove. He gives his name as Numann, from Turkey. He gives her a satchel with the rest of the data.Carrie snorts some drug, to waken faster than coffee. Jonas is taken aback.Laura locks the stachelin a safe in her office. She tries a USB drive but there are no files only an animated figure giving the fingerOutside the King George Club Numann tells his blonde haired buddy he gave Sutton the documents, the other man is upset and calls him a fool.Carrie and Jonas review some files together.Saul and a senior Israeli diplomat chat on a balcony. They discuss overthrowing Arab dictators. The American ambassador comes and is upset, he is the one being recalled instead of Allison.Learning her CIA past from the files, Jonas is upset and leaves the house. Carrie is stressed herself from looking at victim photos. She finds a bottle of vodka and takes a large gulp. She hallucinates seeing dead Aayan from Pakistan.The blonde hacker tries to sell secret documents to a Russian diplomat at the strip club.Carrie has a conversation with Aayan, he whispers a name in her ear.Quinn abducts the schoolboy he was watching earlier, taking him away in a black van.Carrie has rearranged the photos in a circle when Jonas returns, trembling she says her sins are coming back for her. Jonah gets her pills as agreed but Carrie gets abusive and refuses to take them. Jonas' ex calls and reports their son was taken, Quinn listens in with device, then leaves the boy in the van once the call is traced. Carrie realizes they are blown and wants to leave, she runs into the woods alone. Carrie gets a hunting rifle out.Dar and Saul have a video call. Dar is surprised Saul has seemingly forgiven Allison. Dar is happy they have a "green light" to move ahead with their big plan.Alison brushes her teeth and gets into bed with...Saul.At night Quinn approaches Carrie's safe house, Carrie watches through her sights and fires at the shadowy figure. Moving close, Quinn grabs her from behind and injects her with a sedative.
