Homeland S6 E6Carrie reviews Quinn's cell phone pictures waiting at the Police Station, the Desk Sgt says he was taken to Bellevue, locked up for 72 hours.Keane watches the President denounce the bombing and call for her to continue with Homeland Security. The Secret Service refuses to let her leave the safe house. Carrie sees Agent Conlinand shows him Quinn's cell photos. She asks for help to see Quinn and hints Sekou was probably innocent of the bombing.Saul arrives at the New York offices and is mildly upset the counter-terrorist office hadn't acted on his request for info on the Mossad agent Tova Rifkin. A young agent reveals his boss Acosta purposefully forgot.Conlin meets Saad, both men are angry with each other, Saad denies knowing the man in the photo spying on Carrie's house but says he looks like government.Saul meets a Russian SVR agent at the beach, he aks for help in tracing the movements of Mossad agent Tova Rifkin in the past two weeks.Conlin goes to see Carrie, meets her at her house. The man in the photo was still unknown and the jeep and license plate owner were hidden by shell companies. He was still trying other avenues.Keane is out jogging and returns to her safe house. Her watcher sees her try to use a cell phone.Carrie finally gets to see Quinn, suffering in an empty room, she briefs him on her search of his cellphone. She asks what else he saw that night. Quinn gets confused and accuses Carrie of working with the FBI.Conlin finds the jeep at a corporate office. He claims to be an insurance agent and wants to see the driver. He joins a group of job applicants and chats with an applicant, who hints at some kind of parallel intelligence organization. Conlin rides down to a -6 floor basement with the group. Conlin wanders off exploring but is gathered by a woman. He finally shows his badge and asks what this organization is but she is stubborn as he has no warrant and tells him to leave. The jeep is gone as he exits the building.Conlin calls Carrie and updates her, he says to come to his house.Keane's Chief of Staff Rob Emmons shows up at the safe house and says he got a text with the address. The Secret Service are strict and put him through extreme vetting before letting him through.Saul waits at the beach, his contact comes and says he has info. The man shows photos of Dar Adal meeting the Mossad agent Mina Becker and teases Saul for being out of the loop.Emmons is finally allowed into the safe house but now Keane is missing. Keane is the passenger in a car driven by her watcher. The women chat, the driver agreed only because the President-Elect asked. Both women have lost sons in the overseas wars. Keane now regrets voting for the war and had never told the public about her son. A helicopter approaches, Keane calls the SS Agent Thoms and says she's not going back.Carrie arrives at a house but no one answers the door. Going to the backyard she finds a door open and enters the house. Conlin is dead in the upstairs hallway, a man closes the door and searches, Carrie hides. It is the bomber who had been watching her house. Carrie narrowly escapes, the man does not follow. Carrie rushes to Frannie who is OK.Keane arrives in Manhattan. A media scrum is waiting. Keane reveals she lost her son Andrew but the bomb shouldn't be used to takeover react and take extreme measures.Carrie is shaken and waits by Frannie's bed in the night.Quinn is strapped to to a bed, two men come and take him away on a gurney, he is loaded into a black van. German BND Agent Astrid seems to appear and greet him.
