Open with Saul dropping by Estes's place. He shows him the Brody video and they discuss the implications. Saul recommends that they don't arrest Brody just yet, instead following him to see what intel they can acquire about future attacks. They plan to use people outside the agency to follow Brody and Estes will be "sending you a guy" to run things.Brody apologizes to Jessica, who wants an explanation for what has been happening. He says he wants to tell her but can't, she says she doesn't trust him. She says if he doesn't tell her something true, he should get out. Brody packs a bag.It looks like Dana might be growing apart from Xander and becoming closer with Finn.Virgil and his brother Max are back in play on the team following Brody. Saul introduces Carrie to Peter Quinn, who will be running the team. He says only that he's an analyst with six years of experience. Peter's plan is for Carrie to intentionally run into Brody before a meeting that day at the CIA. This should spook Brody into reporting to a handler that he might be under investigation again.Brody drops off his car to have the tailor's smoky smell removed. The man at the detail place happens to be of Middle Eastern descent. Virgil and Max watch from nearby and take pictures.Carrie times it so that she is walking out of the CIA just as Brody is walking in. He looks stunned and makes a point to say hi. She says she's doing well, but won't tell him what she's working on.A drunken Lauder shows up at Jessica's door wanting to talk to Brody. She says he's not home but he insists on waiting. Jessica can't get Brody on the phone so she calls Mike.Saul and Peter congratulate Carrie on her performance with Brody. They don't yet have audio in the building, but are able to follow Brody as he speaks with Hammad. She suggests that Carrie might not be there for him and thinks renewing his relationship with her could be useful.Peter is very blunt in his questioning of Carrie and her past romantic involvement with Brody.Mike arrives and helps with Lauder. At this point Jess finally hears back from Brody. With the CIA listening, she says she isn't ready yet for him to come home.Lauder tells Mike he thinks Brody and Walker were working together just like "old times."Dana and Finn study together. When Walden drops by and gives his son grief, Dana sticks up for him.The Brody team looks at everybody he's met with in the past few days. Carrie is suspicious about Peter and wants Virgil to look into him. Estes apologizes to Carrie. Peter and Carrie end up being alone for that night's shift monitoring Brody.Finn takes Dana for a ride in his brand new BMW. They go to the top of the Washington Monument, which is closed for renovations. They're able to be alone and it becomes clear they are both interested. They kiss, but she pulls away thinking of Xander. She seems to want to be with Finn.When Lauder wakes up he and Mike talk about Brody's connection to the CIA. They wonder who might have been behind Walker's death.Peter wants to know whether Carrie fell for Brody. She asks a little about his bio. Virgil spots Brody at the bar. They have access to the security cameras at the hotel where Brody is staying. After a few drinks, Brody calls Carrie and asks if she wants to join him. He wants to bury the hatchet. Carrie agrees to meet him and Peter thinks they should spook him more by dropping something about Nazir.Carrie joins Brody and things start well. Saul joins Peter at the monitors. Carrie tells Brody she's getting close to "circling a certain terrorist" who stole eight years of his life. Brody apologizes for what happened to her and she talks about her therapy. He says he's glad they met and pays the bill. Brody leaves for his room.Carrie calls Peter at the bar and says she thinks Brody made her. Peter and Saul disagree, telling her to come back. Carrie thinks Brody will send a signal, so they should move in.We see Brody sitting on his bed looking confused. Carrie knocks on his door. She comes inside, saying she thought him mentioning his room number when he paid was to get her up there. Then Carrie blows the operation, calling him out on his feelings about his country and the way he treated her. He moves towards her aggressively, just as agents take the door. Brody is put in cuffs and Carrie calls him a traitor and a terrorist. A bag is placed over Brody's head and he's taken away.
