S5 E8Quinn and the jihadis are close to Kosovo near the Serbian border, their headman named Bibi tells him to hide in the back of the van.Allison meets Ivan Krupin in a car park, they discuss Carrie, it has been eight hours. Allison is worried, Ivan tries to encourage her, to set up a meeting.The CIA review tapes of Saul's abduction. Dar takes Allison aside, he demands to know where Saul is and knows the Mossad took him. Dar is curious about the missing 2-1/2 minutes from the hotel room audio. Allison tells him Saul professed his love for her but she didn't help him.Carrie jots a note into a Bible in a church. She goes to her car.Saul and his Mossad benefactor Etai Luskin chat. Saul refuses to go to Israel and says he will leave. But a guard at the door bars his way, saying the Director [Mossad] has so ordered.Allison calls Carrie, Carrie says she left instructions in Rhineback using the "Baghdad Protocol" for her, tells her "Acrobat" is alive. Allison knew him well.Carrie flashes back to Baghdad few years earlier. She enters a US Controlled office and notices Brody's picture on the wall as a missing person. She meets Allison who introduces her to Judge Samir. Carrie is taking over for Allison. In a private office they share a Scotch and small talk. Allison then expresses her frustration with the reconstruction efforts. Allison is looking forward to a St.Lucia vacation.Otto During calls Carrie. He asks her about the guy in Amsterdam, she replies she has a laptop and needs Numann"s help. She also asks about Jonas that Otto denies to hear anything from him.In Baghdad, Allison and Carrie interview the judge. Samir says he knows who is selling other judges out to Shia death squads, Ahmed Nazari. After the judge leaves, Allison tells Carrie Nazari is their asset, code named "Acrobat".Quinn has a meal, the Syrian says they are waiting for things. Quinn asks the other man, Qasim, if he has ever been to war.Saul and Luskin play chess. A woman interrupts saying she came on the Director's orders. She wonders if Saul is really defecting, he is not. She denies killing the Syrian General. They talk about the Russians, Saul says he has a well-trusted agent working on it.Numan gives her online instructions how to connect the laptop, he begins to hack.In Baghdad Allison introduces Carrie to Nazari. The man is stubborn, only wants to work with Allison. Carrie tries to calm him and hints at more money. He leaves angrily, but Allison says he is just negotiating.Quinn hears noises and goes to investigate a farmhouse. A man is watching soccer, served by a woman in hijab. He finds a case of gas masks in another room, then leaves before being caught.Allison goes to the church and recovers Carrie's note.In Baghdad Allison talks to Nazari alone. He tries to stroke her hand, she tells him he is working for the US not her personally. He shows her a suitcase full of cash. He loves her and has $8 million in stolen cash. Allison stops to think. Later she meets Carrie and reports Nazari is on side.In the church Allison and Ivan talk, she is to meet Carrie in a cafe. They plan how to kill Carrie. Allison will light a cigarette as a signal and the Russians will take care of carrie.In Baghdad, Allison meets Nazari, she tells him to put the money in two trunks, after some banking transfers, then she will meet him in St. Lucia. Suddenly Ivan Krupin enters, Allison realizes she was set up. Ivan says she will not be a traitor as Russia and US have common interests, and listen to his proposal. Ivan offers to pass info to her also, so both can rise in their agencies. She can also have a share of the $8 million.Allison goes to a German outdoor cafe, she orders mineral water and takes out her cigarette pack out of her purse.In Baghdad, Carrie and Allison talk about a bombing, Nazari has been killed.Carrie arrives at the cafe. She tells Allison the Russian SBR is after her. A sniper scope zeroes in on Carrie. They talk about Nazari, Allison says he was a solid asset. Carrie is in tears needing her help. Allison will help only if the German hacker documents never see the light of day, Carrie agrees. Allison puts her cigarettes away and the sniper folds up his weapon.Quinn sees the jihadis loading a van. He asks what is going on but they knock him out. The leaders tells the others they are not going to Syria but back to Berlin.In the van driving in the night, Quinn is bound up with duct tape, one of the jihadis prays.Numan video conferences Carrie,he has access to the laptop. A screensaver photo of a happy Nazari drinking at a beach bar comes on. Carrie has Numan google the beach bar Allison mentioned, in comparing the photos, she realizes Allison and Nazari were together.
