S7 E11Russians ID the delegation leaving the G5 having landed in Moscow. They get worried when they see Carrie Mathison.Senator Paley goes to a prison, he meet Dar Adal in the Yard. Paley wonders what Berenson and Mathison are doing in Russia, he hints at freedom for Adal. Adal says it is a cover operation, and that Saul would have small special team set up locally, so look for Russian experts.Saul's motorcade arrives at a hotel, their suite is confirmed clean, as they have secure Faraday Cage tent setup inside. Carrie's team sets up a workstation. The Station Chief shows the dacha with Simone and Yevgeny. They plan a quick kidnappping of Simone. Saul assures him they have all contingencies covered.In the DC Area Paley's aide Janet Bayne comes to a house asking for Clint. The young man is in the basement of his mother's house using a PC. He is on Saul's team. She forces him to explain what is going on in Russia. Clint Prower curses and says they are to retrieve Simone Martin, Bayne is surprised to hear Simone is alive.The Americans and Russians meet formally across a conference table. The Russians promise openness with reps from GRU and SVR, but Saul demands that Yevgeny Gromov attend also. The Russian leader Mirov then steps out and calls Gromov and tells him to come in. The meeting adjourns until Gromov appears. Carrie goes out to supervise the Dacha raid.Bayne meets Paley outside his house. Driving, Paley is upset Simone is alive, Bayne suggests he talk to the Russians, the only way to get rid of Keane. She had already set it up and has taken Paley to the Ambassador. Bayne gets out of the car to talk to Viktor, the Russian.The meeting in Moscow starts again. Saul reads a statement to his Russian counterparts, to ask about General McLendon, Richmond and Dante Allen. Gromov sighs and says he was in Russia the whole time, but Saul gives photo evidence. Gromov then goes on a rant about US aggression against Russia during and since the Cold War. Meanwhile Carrie's four-man team approaches the dacha by inflatable motorboat. Carrie argues back about recent events in Lucasville. The Russians get some news and Mirov quickly calls for a break.Anson and the squad break into a large lakeside mansion. A gunfight erupts with security, the team manages to escape but loses one man.Wellington informs Keane SCOTUS has ruled 5-4 against her., but tries to reassure her saying it will be difficult for Congress to get the 2/3 votes needed. Warner shows up to relieve Keane. Keane is silenced and is escorted out.Back in the Moscow hotel the team discuss what went wrong. Carrie thinks the Russians were tipped off, Saul doubts it. Saul wants to go home, he says Keane is out as President and they will leave in the morning. Carrie urges him to stay.Max and Sandy go to work, Carrie calls them for remote assistance to track down Simone. Carrie thinks the Russians have internecine cracks. Sandy thinks they can pressure General Yakushin the SVR head. Sandy can hack his money.Saul meets Carrie outside to hear her plan. Yakushin will tell them what they need to get his $300 million back. Carrie states she can at least get Simone back to the US. Saul meets Yakushin for breakfast, American hackers have taken his money but Sauk will give it back in return for Simone Martin.Max and Sandy have Moscow traffic cam feeds and track Yakushin going to his HQ. Carrie stays away from the Conference Room. Mirov says he has heard Keane is out, is Saul even still employed ?Clint goes to work. Max updates him, someone tipped off the Russians. Clint realizes it was him. On the Moscow feed they see Yakushin leading 30 armed men into a fleet of SUVs. Carrie and Anson gun up and head out. It looks like Yakushin is headed for GRU HQ, Mirov has a top floor suite there. Yakushin's SVR Group arrives and exits their vehicles firing. Mirov excuses himself from the Conference Room. Gromov calls Mirov to get the Kremlin to intervene. Simone is nervous, Gromov kisses her and leaves her in the suite. The SVR team clear out the GRU office workers.Max says to put out the video to the world using Gromov's own bots. Carrie's team disguises as SVR and enters GRU in the confusion. Carrie swipes a passcard from a woman.Paley rushes in to see Warner to show the breaking news from Russia. Paley says Warner must disown Saul Berenson.Carrie gets away alone, Max with the GRU floor plans, talks her through. Carrie gets to a window sill and has to take a precarious trip on the thin strip of masonry ledge. She gets to the suite balcony and comes face to face with Simone. Carrie explains that Simone is expendable and that Yevgeny Gromov kills his problems. Yevgeny arrives at the suite door, he says open the door, then shoots his way in. He sees a brunette woman run into a car and be driven off. It is Carrie in a wig. Meanwhile, a blonde gets into Anson's van, Simone in a wig.
