We open with Carrie waking up in the hospital. The doctor tells her she'll be okay, as the wound was through-and-through. He makes a snide comment about her not bothering to ask about the baby, which should be fine.Saul has brought Brody back to the U.S. and is getting him medical attention. The military doctor says Brody is in terrible shape; he is dehydrated, could have several diseases and is the first stages of heroin withdrawal. Saul needs him to do something in a week, the deadline being Lockhart's confirmation. Saul instructs the doctor to have Brody go cold-turkey, which could kill him.Lockhart comes to see Carrie in the hospital. He points out that Saul made this happen and tells her that Saul took a trip to Caracas.Saul and Adal talk about the fact Lockhart somehow knew about Caracas. Saul orders both of their homes and offices swept for bugs.When Brody continues to struggle Adal mentions an illegal medication that speeds up the withdrawal process. It causes dangerous, violent hallucinations but Saul gives it the go-ahead.Max and Virgil find the listening device Mira's ex Alan put in the family's computer mouse. They analyze the chip and locate the place where it's information was being sent.Brody begins having hallucinations. He imagines seeing Walker and Abu Nazir, and stabs himself in the arm with a piece of broken chair.Max and Virgil sit on the house and take pictures of Alan leaving the home.Brody wakes up with Saul at his side. Saul asks him to go back to being a Marine for one last mission. Brody says he just wants to die.In an attempt to trigger a desire to live from Brody the military guys who have been watching him throw him into a lake at night. He sinks to the bottom and has to be pulled up. Later he stops eating and Saul orders them to force feed him.Saul goes to see Carrie. He tells her that Brody is in Virginia and asks her talk to him. He says the plan is for Brody to kill Javadi's boss, which would result in Javadi being one of the more important people in Iran. She initially doesn't have any interest in helping Saul, but he makes an eloquent case that his plan could change the dynamic between the U.S. and Iran.Carrie goes to see Brody. He turns his back on her and has nothing to say.Saul tells Carrie he needs Brody ready so soon because the plan has to take place before Lockhart's confirmation hearing. He tells her what happened to Brody in Caracas, including the imam and his wife being murdered. Carrie has an idea.Carrie brings Brody to a motel.Max and Virgil show Saul that Alan was the one who bugged his home. Saul tells the guys and Adal about Mira's relationship with him, but he doesn't think she knows he's an Israeli intelligence officer. They also show Saul a picture of Alan meeting with Lockhart.At the motel we see Dana start to clean rooms. She's an employee and once Brody sees her he goes crazy and calls Carrie names.Saul goes to see Lockhart and points out that if he made the information he has public it would ruin the senator. But all Saul asks for is that Lockhart pushes back his confirmation by a few weeks. When Lockhart asks why, Saul says that bringing him down would embarrass Mira and damage the CIA.Carrie tells Brody about Dana's recent history. She mentions the suicide attempt and Dana changing her name. Brody tells Carrie he wants to look his daughter in the eye and tell her he's innocent. Carrie says that talking to her won't do much good without something more. She thinks carrying out this mission would provide some chance of redemption for the suicide vests and Elizabeth Gaines, as well as the deaths in Caracas. She thinks it will do more than telling Dana he's innocent, which is basically a lie.We see Brody begin the process of getting back in shape. In two weeks he goes from barely being able to run to seeming to be in fairly good condition both physically and mentally. He's even friendly with one of the other soldiers.We see that Brody will be dropped in a border town near Iran. The expectation is that his role as the CIA bomber will make him a PR dream for Iran and he'll be brought to see Javadi's boss. The plan is for him to be extracted afterwards.Brody tells Carrie he won't go without seeing Dana. He's brought to see her and the meeting doesn't go well. She wonders if he ever considered that she might not want to see him. He tells her what he's about to do and she wants to know how she can avoid ever seeing him or Carrie again.After the meeting with Dana, Brody promises to Carrie that he's going to come back, both for her and his daughter.Brody heads for the chopper waiting to take him to his mission. Carrie says "See you on the other side."
