Open with police investigating the murder of Javadi's ex-wife and daughter-in-law. A neighbor's security camera got a shot of Quinn.At the safe house Javadi is presented with the evidence against him. He and Fara argue briefly. She leaves the room and Saul and Javadi speak about a potential deal. Javadi says he'll talk on the condition he gets to keep his money and gets a secure residence in Miami. Saul responds that his plan is to "play you back into Iran." Saul wants him to be an asset. Javadi is adamant he's been burned and doesn't want to go back. Adal shows up at Quinn's place. He's fishing for information on what he and Saul have been up to. He asks about the double murder. When Quinn says nothing Adal shows him the picture that was taken and tells him he's the main suspect. Quinn goes to the safe house and tells Saul he's wanted by police. He thinks Saul needs to smooth thing over with Adal. Carrie tells Saul she has a police connection.Saul and Javadi talk further about their past.Carrie goes to the crime scene and speaks with the detective. While tells him that most of what happened is classified she gets nauseous and rushes to the bathroom to vomit.Saul tells Javadi that the CIA bombing made him think the dynamic between their sides needs to change. Saul says "I know a way." Carrie's police connection says the only way to make everything go away is to let them talk to Quinn. Fara tells Carrie she's upset that Javadi won't be standing trial for what he's done to Iran. They agree that the best play to keep the Javadi operation going is for Quinn to admit to the murders. Javadi has agreed to their plan and Saul tells Carrie she needs to get him back to his people quickly. Before Javadi leaves Saul asks him who was responsible for the bomb at Langley. Javadi tells him he doesn't know who exactly committed the crime. It was somebody connected to Nazir, but it wasn't Brody. Before leaving the safe house Saul calls his wife Mira, who is in bed with the other man. He says he's been thinking about the old days. He's upset about her being with the other guy and does think he has a claim to her. Quinn goes to the crime scene and sits down with the detective. Carrie gives Javadi information that will help his cover story. At the office Adal confronts Saul about him working behind his back. He tells Saul that Lockhart is waiting in his office and Saul agrees to tell them both what's been happening.In the car Javadi tells Carrie he's never seen anything as cruel as what Saul did to her. She isn't buying it. They talk about Brody and he tells her what he told Saul. Javadi says all he knows was that it was "someone else." Quinn ends up confessing to Javadi's murders, but the detective knows it's not legit. He expresses frustration that the CIA tends to make things worse rather than better. Saul tells Lockhart and Adal that what he's about to tell them cannot leave the room. He says he's recruited Javadi and Lockhart is irritated that Saul is still up to his old "cold war BS." Before they arrive at their location Javadi tells Carrie may not know the whole story about the bombing. Lockhart asks more about the Javadi plan and learns that Saul and Carrie were in on it together. He doesn't seem to appreciate the importance of flipping Javadi and demands to see Carrie. Saul tells him Carrie is with Javadi and Lockhart tells them to ground the plane so they can arrest Javadi. Saul refuses and Lockhart says he'll bump it up to the president. Saul then locks Lockhart into a room so he can't destroy the mission. Adal refuses to help the senator. Javadi is brought to his plane. Just before he gets on board she runs to him and asks him to tell her the truth. He says the man who built the bomb didn't die in the plane. Javadi doesn't know who did it, but his lawyer does. After Saul hears that Javadi's plane has left US airspace he and Adal share a celebratory drink. Saul apologizes for keeping him out of the loop and Adal says there is no need. The two men leave and Saul asks that somebody from facilities let the senator out of the conference room. Carrie meets with Quinn, who tells her the police are standing down. Quinn says he doesn't think anything justifies the damage they do. Carrie tells him he can't leave the agency yet because she needs his help to prove that Brody didn't bomb the CIA. Saul comes home and tells Mira he had a good day He puts his arms around her and says "forgive me." They embrace as the episode ends.
