Open at the Beirut International Airport with Saul going through security. A solider in camo grabs his suitcase off the scanner and takes him to a private room. Despite Saul's claims that his paperwork clearly indicates he's a diplomat, a rep from Hezbollah goes through his stuff. The man takes out a knife and cuts out the lining of the briefcase, finding what looks like the memory card which contained the Brody video. He doesn't care, telling Saul only "Never come back to Lebanon." But when Saul gets onto his plane we see that he was actually hiding the memory card elsewhere and still has it in his possession.Carrie is up late working on her intelligence briefing for the Lebanon mission. Her dad warns her about getting enough sleep, but she tells him she feels great.Jessica finds a copy of Brody's speech sitting on a table. She is taken aback by learning how his captivity impacted his view of returning home to his family. This leads to them fooling around, although they are interrupted by Dana coming in the front door with Xander.Hammad calls Brody and tells him that based on the intelligence Carrie found in Lebanon the CIA is close to finding out about the Gettysburg tailor who made his vest bomb. The tailor needs to be moved to a safe house but the only person he knows and trusts is Brody. The problem is that Brody's supposed to give his speech for Jessica's fundraiser that night, an event the vice president will be attending. Hammad thinks he'll be able to get back in time if he leaves now.Galvez drops by Carrie's place to get a copy of her report. He tells her the time of the debrief and compliments her work in Lebanon.Brody goes to the tailor's shop and tells him the CIA is on its way and he needs to pack a bag. The tailor is very suspicious. Brody spots a truck across the street and tells him they have no time. The truck follows their vehicle and Brody takes evasive action through a gravel lot.An hour before the debriefing, Carrie still hasn't gotten confirmation from Galvez.The tailor is still worried that Brody doesn't have a ton of answers for him. The tailor tells Brody his name is Bassel, just moments before one of the tires goes flat. There is no jack in the trunk.Jessica works on setting up for the fundraiser. She is clearly nervous about everything going perfectly.Brody uses some logs to construct a makeshift jack and raise the vehicle up enough to put on the spare. At this point, Jessica calls and Brody walks away from the car to give her a BS excuse for not being there yet. This clearly makes Bassel nervous. Bassel hears part of the conversation which might be interpreted as Brody talking about killing him.Carrie arrives at the CIA early and is told Estes is in a meeting. She excuses herself to go to the bathroom and walks to the debriefing room, finding Estes conducting it without her. He pulls her out of the room and basically says her work there is done. She had the impression she'd be more involved. Alone in the elevator, Carrie fights back tears.Brody stops for gas. When he returns to the car he finds Bassel is gone. He eventually spots him running through the woods.At her sister's house, Carrie packs up her stuff, telling her father she's going home. She says she can't figure out what to do with the rest of her life with her family "hovering."When Brody's phone rings, Bassel sneaks up behind Brody and hits him in the head. Brody chases him down and tackles him. Bassel falls onto a sharp root, which impales him in the stomach. Bassel wants to be taken to the hospital, but Brody tells him that will lead to him ending up in the hands of the CIA. Bassel starts talking about his family in Syria. Brody's phone rings again. It's Jessica. He takes the call and gives her another excuse about breaking down and waiting for a tow. Walden will arrive soon and she starts to panic, particularly when Brody's story sounds iffy. Bassel begins making noise and Brody breaks his neck while still on the phone with Jessica.Carrie goes to her apartment and pours herself some wine. She unpacks some of her stuff and goes to her closet. She picks out a dress, puts on makeup and her fake engagement ring. She looks at herself in the mirror, then heads to the kitchen and opens up several pill bottles. After giving it some thought she takes 15 or 20 pills at once. She goes to the bedroom and lies down. She starts to nod off, then jumps to her feet, goes the bathroom and makes herself throw up the pills.It's now pouring rain as Brody digs a shallow grave for Bassel.Dinner is coming to a close and Walden makes a comment to Jessica about there being no keynote speaker. She says she'll handle it and takes the podium. She awkwardly apologizes, then gives a compelling and brutally honest speech about the challenges she's faced since Brody returned and the need military families have for more help.Brody washes himself off in a car wash.Mike brings Jessica home. She asks if he wants to come up for a drink, but he passes. Before she gets to her front door he changes his mind and heads inside. At this moment Brody arrives, clearly suspicious about the fact they were walking inside together. Mike goes home.Inside the house, Jessica asks him where he was. He tries to stick with his lie about attending a union meeting in his district, but she's not buying it. She knows he's hiding something and tells him he needs to give their marriage some serious thought. Dana pops her head out of her room, deflated by what she's heard.Saul rings Carrie's doorbell and wakes her up. He's come directly from the airport, wanting her to be the first person to see what he found in the backpack. She watches the video of Brody and begins to cry. "I was right."
