Homeland S6E1Recap season 5, Carrie rejects Saul and German philanthropist Otto. Quinn is badly hurt by the ISIL chemical weapon.November, 2016; Carrie rides a bus in Brooklyn, NYC. Goes to a VA type facility. Quinn is there, having difficulty with his therapy. The nurse suggests Carrie take a break from coming every day.A new President-elect is preparing for transition. Saul and Dar visit her hotel room. They share ideas on Syria. PEOTUS seems to want to disengage, they give her a secret briefing. She wants to know about drones and paramilitary secret ops. It's on page 17.A young black man Sekou Bah and his mother have breakfast. He scolds his sister for her western attire. He puts on a white knit Muslim headwear and leaves his apartment, another man picks him up. They make a video explaining the first Al-Quaeda attack in the U.S., a murder of a JDL official.Carrie takes a cab to her work. Otto is there, to her surprise. They are providing aid and counsel to Muslims. Taking her aside, Otto asks for a dinner date, he wants her to do more for millions of people. He then says he has met someone else. He departs sadly and gives a gift for her daughter.Quinn goes for a ride with an orderly and a dirty blonde.Saul and Dar debrief over drinks, they think the PEOTUS is naive and dangerous. Her son was a military casualty. Dar thinks she will hold the CIA accountable.Sekou and his buddy chat in Times Square. They stop by a failed bomb site, he explains there are two sides to every story, for the video.Quinn is allowed to drive, the orderly cashes in his disability cheque, he goes to a drug den and pays cash. He takes a hit of crack.Dar gives instructions to a Mossad agent Tova Rifkin, he says the new President is not a fan. Dar says they only have 8 weeks, until the inauguration.Carrie goes home.Quinn gets a BJ. Another man comes, but is distracted by the blonde.Sekou refuses to see his friend's friend, he warns him to watch out as their website is getting more traffic.Quinn is spaced out, the other man has a gun, steals Quinn's cash and knocks him unconscious.A SWAT team assaults the Bah apartment and arrests Sekou, for material support of terrorism. The agent wants the women's help, but shoos them out to search the apartment.Carrie and a lawyer visit a jail, they meet with the young black man. Sekou has been critical of the U.S. on his website and it will be a few days before being arraigned. The lawyer guesses the mosque Imam has been radicalizing him.Agent Carlin meets Carrie, she says Sekou was only engaging in legal dissent. The police found plane tickets to Nigeria and $5000 in his mattress.Carrie is furious at the VA as Quinn is still missing. She goes to find the orderly, then finds Quinn on a mattress at the crack house. She brings him back to the VA Hospital but Quinn struggles and is about to be sedated, Carrie decides to take him home.Saul and a Senator chat at a bar, about Homeland Security and how to influence the new President.Carrie shows Quinn her ground floor AirBnB suite and warns him not to bring drugs or street people there.Sekou prays in jail. President-Elect Keane ponders a locket. Quinn climbs the stairs and tries to open Carrie's door, but it is locked.Dar greets some men the next day, and closes the door on their meeting, Saul is not there.
