S5E11 A doctor debriefs Saul and Carrie, Saul urges they wake Quinn from his coma. The construction worker brings the suitcase to a subway tunnel. He sets up the sarin gas pressure tanks and arms the timer.Allson and her guard Conrad leave the Embassy. She goes to a toilet stall to use her phone and listen to a secret message. Another Russian agent in the washroom urges her to comply with her instructions. Allison is being given a final assignment but is hesitant.Allison enters a large seminar room where Dar is briefing a large group.A doctor wakens Quinn, he gasps as the intubation tube is removed. Carrie talks to him soothingly. His eyes open but stare vacantly, Carrie tries to get him to respond. Quinn has a seizure.The jihadis have a problem with the remote access device of the sarin tanks. Bibi Hamid gives the trigger his cousin Qasim to take to Dr. Aziz to reconfigure.Carrie figures there is a Good Samaritan who helped Quinn. During calls Saul to complain about Marwan's treatment, Saul is partially committal. During lets Laura know, but she is upset. There are three hours to the deadline. Laura calls Numann, and asks for the CIA documents to be released if anything happens to her. Astrid, Dar and Allison discuss the dead Syrian found with Quinn. Allison volunteers to look into it.Carrie visits a house, a woman has her wait. The man, Al-Amin, is nervous and doesn't know anything. She wants his help to find a doctor. He tells her about the Syrian doctor.Astrid visits Saul at the hospital, prognosis for Quinn is poor. Marwan is bound and strapped into a chair. Saul asks to interview him and provide tea.Qasim meets Professor Aziz and gives him the faulty remote. Saul is firm with Marwan. The man can only remember that Berlin is the target. Astrid interrupts to show Saul that Laura is being interviewed about Marwan's arrest. During and Jonas also watch in dismay. On TV, she threatens to release the other 1300 CIA documents if she can't see Marwan. Meanwhile, Marwan commits suicide by jumping from the window. Professor Aziz works on his laptop and chats. He is upset Germany supports Israel but is an atheist and doesn't support the Caliphate. Unable to reprogram the device with someone knocking, Dr. Aziz sends Qasim away saying it needs to be set off manually. Allison and Conrad are at the door, they ask about the dead Syrian, one of his grad students.Allison interviews Aziz, slowly she accuses him of having knowledge, she pulls a gun then shoots Conrad. Aziz panics and tells her the Potsdam subway target, then she shoots him dead, she calls in an emergency then shoots herself in the shoulder and puts the gun in Aziz' hand. Allison then lies down.Carrie talks to the Doctor who saved Quinn. He tells her about the Syrian jihadists downstairs. Astrid and a BND swat team arrived at the shooting scene. Allison says the airport is the target.The Syrians plan how to set off the device. Carrie calls Saul to say she is in an apartment with transit and subway plans. He says the target is the airport and they are evacuating. She grabs a photo snapshot from the wall.Qasim shaves. Carrie goes to the main train station. All is calm and normal. She looks around warily.Saul visits Allison in the hospital, he wants to know more details. Her bloody shoulder needs to be drained.At the train station the clean shaven Syrians arrive with packs. Bibi locks gates trapping people. Carrie sees Qasim but can't get a text out, no one will help, she finally finds someone to send her text then runs after the man. She finds out from bystanders a man jumped into the tunnel and she follows with her gun drawn.Saul rushes to Allison but finds her gone.
