Open with CIA surveillance on Hammad. They follow her to a public park where she speaks with a mysterious man near some fountains. The falling water prevents them from being able to get any audio. Virgil follows the man into the subway but ends up losing him. He was wearing sunglasses, meaning facial recognition software wasn't able to give them anything either.Jessica wants more information from Brody about what he's doing with the CIA. He asks what she wants to know but she changes the subject. Dana doesn't want to go to school, clearly still upset about the accident.The CIA eventually finds a video image of the man Hammad met with, but can't ID him. They were never able to get sound. Carrie tells Peter they should bring Brody in and ask him if he knows who the man is.Brody gets an email from Langley. He tells Jessica, who asks whether he's working with Carrie. He tells her no, reminding Jessica that Carrie had a breakdown and no longer works for the CIA.Brody takes Dana to school. On the way he notices what looks like a tail.Finn and Dana talk about what happened. He tells her not to worry since there was a hospital close to the scene. She seems to be distancing herself from him.Brody stops by to see Carrie. He tells her about lying to Jessica. Brody doesn't recognize the man, but he does tell them the Gettysburg tailor is dead. Peter is furious that Brody never told them. The plan is for Peter to put together a forensics team and take them to Gettysburg.Mike and Lauder have a detective take them to the place where Walker's body was found. A 9mm casing was found. Based on the remoteness of the place, Lauder thinks Walker would only have gone there with somebody he trusted. The detective tells them the CIA took over the investigation after 20 minutes. Lauder asks Mike to look into the case and Mike says he has a guy at the CIA he can ask.Dana goes to the hospital and sneaks into the ICU area. She finds the woman Finn hit, then bumps into her daughter. The daughter said her mother had been doing well, but took a turn for the worse in the past few hours. The daughter's been told to call their priest. Dana makes up a story about being the daughter of one of the doctors. The woman begins to crash and Dana leaves.Carrie talks to Saul about Peter. Saul agrees with Peter that Brody shouldn't be trusted and worries about Carrie being so close to Brody.Peter's team gets set up in Gettysburg and begins looking for "anything out of the ordinary."Carrie hops into Brody's car in the parking garage. The guy who met with Hammad is a part of something. She wants him to tell Hammad that he overheard Carrie talking about somebody who just arrived in the country connected with Hezbollah.Saul finds out Mike is asking questions about Walker and brings him into his office where Estes is waiting. They tell him the Walker investigation is a matter of national security and to leave it alone. Mike says he understands.Brody plants the lie with Hammad. She references the CIA's presence in Gettysburg. He asks if the forensics team will find anything and she says "They might."Dana tells Finn the woman he hit with his car died in the middle of the night. He's not happy she went to the hospital. He says if she tells anybody what happened he'll be screwed.Carrie tells Peter about Hammad being aware his team is there. She says she's concerned, not so much because of what Hammad said, but "how she said it." Peter has an agent call for backup.Mike drops by Brody's place and tells Chris he's looking for something he lent to his father. He sends Chris away on an errand and finds Brody's ammunition. Exactly one 9mm bullet is missing.Peter finds what appears to be a hollow wall. He's told state troopers and an FBI SWAT team are on the way. Just then a group of men in riot gear come in the front door and open fire with automatic weapons. They appear to kill the entire CIA team, sustaining one casualty. They open up the wall Peter had been looking at and pull out a large metal box. We see the team is led by the man Hammad met with in the park. He grabs their casualty and leaves the store. It looks as if Peter has survived although he is badly wounded.Mike is waiting for Jessica when she comes home. He tells her Brody killed Walker. He says he loves her and the kids and is worried Brody isn't getting better. She tells him about Brody working for the CIA. Mike thinks there must be some kind of cover-up and she asks him to leave.Carrie storms into Brody's office and demands to know if he had any knowledge of what happened. She tells him they sustained seven casualties in Gettysburg and demands to know if he's been lying the entire time. She breaks down and he comforts her.
