Homeland S5 E5At the airfield, daytime, Dar Adal, Saul and Allison discuss the exploding jet betrayal. Allison leaves the two men.Astrid leaves her apartment, in the car park she is approached by Carrie. She trusts her and asks for help. Carrie shows the car shooter photo, she says "they" are after her. Astrid doesn't know who he was but takes the picture, Astrid figures out Quinn must be hurt badly.At the safehouse Carrie returns and reports the Astrid meet. Quinn is feverish and still bleeding. Carrie decides to call Jonas, whose sister is a doctor.At the strip bar Numann meets a girl, she says police have been looking for Kosinik. He asks her to identify Boris from the Russian embassy. In a monitor room Numann rewinds video from four days ago, she picks out the Russian. Numann copies the video to a USB drive. They make a video, Numann is masked and makes a cover clip for the Boris video, outing him as a killer.Jonas arrives at the safehouse with a medical bag. He is upset she has been missing for three days. She shows him an unconscious Quinn, they prep for first aid.Allison and Saul drive from Geneva back to Berlin. Saul is disappointed his plan didn't work but doesn't agree with her suggestion the Israelis were involved. She drops him off and says she is going to work. They kiss and he departs the car sadly.Jonas finishes bandaging Quinn, and says he won't be involved any further. Carrie thanks him. Jonas tries to get her to stop what she is doing.Allison meets the Russian Ivan Krupin at night. She reports the phone call from Vassilly's phone and is worried Saul will find out she put Carrie's name in the kill box. The Russian gives her the USB drive from Kosinik. The two hold hands and Ivan tells her to stay strong and it will be over soon. They share a cigarette and ponder quietly.Dar enters a boardroom where Allison is typing on a laptop. Dar asks her about the dinner at the Israeli ambassador's. Dar says the plane bomb was an Israeli magnetic type that actually blew up too early. Dar want Allison to report on Saul's contacts with Israel. After Dar leaves Allison finishes printing documents. She takes them to Saul in another office. It is a passenger manifest for a flight to Geneva. She also shows the CCTV screenshot of his Israeli friend proving he was in Geneva. Allison says she hasn't told Dar yet.Astrid is doing a search on the dead man when she is interrupted by her boss. He taps out a photo of Vassily Kovas, the dead man, accepting her weak lie on why she was looking.Quinn Jonas and Carrie watch the TV of a demonstration at the Russian embassy. She calls Astrid who tells her about Vassily, a freelance Chechen thug working for SVR Russian Intelligence. Carrie realizes the hacked documents had something the Russians wanted kept quiet and goes to look for Laura Sutton.Saul confronts his Israeli friend about Geneva. He denies killing the Syrian General. From afar someone photographs the two meeting.Carrie goes to the demonstration, she buys a mask and pulls up her hoodie. She drops a cell phone in Laura's pocket, then phones her and arranges a meet. Police then move in with tear gas.Allison shows Dar the photos of Saul meeting the Israeli, Dar is upset as Allison suggests it may not be related.At a train station Carrie meets Laura, she asks for the hacker docs. Laura tells her she doesn't have them and tells her about Numann and the partner. Laura reminds Carrie the original docs are still in the CIA server.Jonas tries to calm a feverish and bloody Quinn.Carrie calls Jonas and asks him to call an ambulance for Quinn. Too late, Quinn ducks out even in his poor condition. Quinn has grabbed a gun and plastic handcuffs.Carrie walks through an elegant lobby. Saul takes an elevator upstairs and goes to his room, he finds a letter with a gum wrapper.Quinn is by a river attempting to handcuff himself. A German passerby arrives and won't let him commit suicide. Quinn staggers away but the man follows at a distance.Saul goes downstairs to the hotel kitchen area, and jogs out the service entrance. He gets into Carrie's taxi.Quinn is almost gone, he tries to enter a dumpster. But he collapses and the German comes close.
