Carrie advances down the dark subway tunnel. Qasim disarms her but then reveals the plan as he is surprised she knew who he was. Bibi is farther down the tunnel ready to activate the bomb. Carrie wants him to subdue Bibi but Qasim wants to talk him out of it. At the device Qasim tries to convince Bibi to stop but Bibi shoots him. A train approaches, Carrie comes closer and fires many times. After the train passes Carrie sees Bibi is dead, Qasim is wounded and dying, the sarin device is stable. She comforts him as he passes.Later, Saul sees Carrie outside the Hauptbahnhof. She tearfully says Qasim saved everyone. Saul reports Allison is missing. Carrie goes home.The house is empty, Jonas is not there. Tired, she goes to bed and sleeps.Saul goes to the room where Ivan Krupin is being interviewed. He dismisses the cameramen and talks to Ivan alone. Saul wants Allison back and tries to force Ivan to help. He offers a defector's new life in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Ivan is silent, then is willing to help.A bloody and weak Allison is escorted by two men into a house. She sees brothel activities and a doctor takes her aside.Otto runs to warn Laura she is being arrested. Astrid leads the arrest team and says Laura will be deported to the US. A German BND agent hacks Laura's laptop.Jonas wakens Carrie. They kiss and make out.Numann sits nervously in a town square at night. BND agents arrest him.Afterwards, Jonas asks Carrie if she was the mysterious blond woman on the news. She says everyone is safe now. Jonas breaks up with Carrie as he can't live with her and this kind of thing happening again. Carrie is angry for opening herself to him and storms off.Carrie goes to the hospital and finds out Quinn is in surgery after having a cerebral hemorrhage. She goes to the chapel to wait. A doctor comes to see her and says the operation was difficult and Quinn has significant brain damage. Back in ICU she sees Quinn and cries.Astrid visits Laura in a locked room. She tells her Marwan committed suicide and that they have Numann and the hacked documents, she then threatens to revoke Numann's asylum hinting they need to explain Marwan's death.Quinn sleeps peacefully as Dar and Carrie watch. It seems he may never recover. Dar reveals Peter Quinn was trained since he was 16, a street kid from Baltimore. Dar gives Carrie the next-of-kin letter Quinn wrote before leaving for Syria after Pakistan.Saul arrives and asks if Carrie has thought about a CIA job offer. Carrie says she can't, she's not "that person anymore".The female Russian agent comes to get Allison, tells her to get in the trunk of a car for the three hour drive.On TV Laura is interviewed again, the "dissident American journalist". Astrid watches tensely as Laura begins a story. Laura reveals Marwan was part of the Hauptbahnhof incident and says she was wrong before.Carrie and Otto share a glass of wine. Otto offers her a new job. He wants her to be his life partner, Carrie is startled and says she needs a lot of time to think.Numann calls Laura on his release, she says she can't talk to him anymore. He dismantles his phone.In the woods the car carrying Allison is directed to a detour. In the dark, the car is raked by bullets. Saul walks up and sees the dead men in the front seat, then opens the trunk to see Allison Carr's bullet riddled body.Carrie goes back to the hospital, and as Quinn's letter is read out she bars the door of his room. In his letter he says he looks forward to death and tells her he loved her. She stares at his sleeping form and seems to consider euthanizing him. He is not on artificial life support, but wears a blood pressure monitor on his finger. She removes it and puts it on her own finger, then takes a deep breath. A ray of light suddenly illuminates Quinn's face. Carrie looks over her shoulder at the window, astonished, and then back at his face again. It seems as if someone's prayer has just been answered...but whose? A faint uncertain smile touches her lips as she stands beside him.
