Previously on...: Ben stabbed Jacob to death and tossed him into a fire. Jack wanted to know what Jacob wanted from him and why his name was written on the dial in the lighthouse. Jacob told Hurley that he had to get him and Jack away from the temple because "someone's coming there, someone bad." The smoke monster took out everyone in its path through the temple. Ben told Sayid there was "still time," but Sayid said, "Not for me."'Dr. Linus': Ben ran through the jungle in the dark and caught up to Ilana, Sun, Frank and Miles. He told them Sayid killed Dogen and "the interpreter" (Lennon). They decided to head back to familiar territory -- the beach.Back in L.A., Ben the high school teacher was giving a lesson about an island where everything changed -- Elba, where Napoleon faced his greatest test. He explained that when Napoleon lost his power, "he might as well have been dead." Ben was given an assignment to supervise detention for the week. Ben referred to himself as "Dr. Linus," telling us that teaching at a high school and supervising detention was well below what he should be doing.Another teacher (Leslie Arzt, the science teacher who was among the original survivors of Oceanic 815) was complaining about budget cuts and the principal's refusal to help the science department. Ben was talking about how the focus of the school should be on the students and Locke, overhearing all of this, suggested Ben become the principal. Locke said he'd support him. Ben seemed to consider it.Back in the jungle, Ilana demanded a clear explanation from Ben about whether the smoke monster killed Jacob. She asked Miles to check with what was left of Jacob's body to determine how Jacob died. Miles took the ashes and picked up on something as Ben watched intently. Miles hesitated before speaking, then said, "Linus killed him." Miles described an image of Ben standing over Jacob with a bloody dagger. Ilana was upset and told Ben, "Jacob was the closest thing I ever had to a father." Then she kept walking, leaving Ben behind.The next morning, Ben was still with the group as they reached the beach. She ignored Ben when he asked whether there was anything he could do. He tried to talk to her but she kept ignoring him.Back in L.A., Ben made his father (an older Roger) a frozen dinner. Ben lamented that he was a loser and his father said he'd always wanted what was best for Ben and that was why he "signed up for that damned Dharma Initiative and took you to the island." He said things would have been different if they'd stayed. Ben sarcastically said they'd have both lived happily ever after. But Roger said he was serious -- "Who knows what you would've become," he said.The doorbell rang and it was Alex. She was asking why Ben wasn't around for history club after school. He explained that he had to supervise detention all week. She said she was counting on his tutoring because the AP test was that week. He offered to get to school at 7 a.m. to help her.Back on the island, Sun reminded Ilana that she wanted to find Jin. Ilana said she wanted to find him, too, because his last name is also Kwon, "and I don't know if I'm supposed to protect you, him, or both of you." Ilana explained that they were candidates to replace Jacob. She said there were "only six left."We cut to Hurley, who was asleep in the brush somewhere else on the island. Jack said they should get going toward the temple, but Hurley tried to stall. Jack said he was leaving, and walked away. Hurley pretended he knew a shortcut, but as he tried to convince Jack, Alpert appeared and said they were both wrong, and pointed out the direction of the temple. He said Jack wouldn't believe him if he explained where he came from. They followed Richard.At the beach, Ben found an Oceanic water bottle and admitted to Frank that he was maybe a little nostalgic for the time before the plane crashed on the island. Frank said he was supposed to have been flying Oceanic 815, but he didn't because he overslept. "Imagine how different my life would be had that alarm gone off," Frank said. Ben wondered whether it would be different at all, since "the island still got you in the end." Ilana appeared, holding a shotgun to Ben's neck. She made him walk away from the group, then lay on the ground, where she bound his leg and told him to start digging a grave -- for himself.Back in L.A., Ben tutored Alex, who was frustrated when she didn't know an answer to one of the history questions. She was worried she wouldn't get into Yale or be able to pay for it without a scholarship. Ben offered to do anything he could to help. She said she needed a recommendation letter from someone who attended Yale, but the only person she knew was "that pervert Principal Reynolds." Ben asked if the principal had done something to her. She said no, but confided in Ben that she fell asleep in the nurse's office and woke up later to find the principal and the nurse, "you know." Ben had promised he wouldn't say anything, and vowed to keep his promise.Back at the beach, Ben was digging his own grave. He offered Miles the $3.2 million he'd once asked for, but Miles blew him off. Miles said he didn't Ben's money, knowing that Nikki and Paolo had been buried nearby with $8 million worth of jewels on top of them. Ben was upset that Miles was going to stand by and watch him get killed. Ben said Jacob "didn't even care about being killed." Miles told Ben that Jacob did care, "right up until the second the knife went in his heart, he was hoping he was wrong about you -- I guess he wasn't." Miles walked away and Ilana shot toward Ben's feet, reminding him to keep digging.In the jungle, Hurley asked Alpert how he looked the same as he did 30 years ago even though he wasn't time traveling. Alpert said Jacob gave him "a gift." Alpert took them to the Black Rock and admitted he lied to them about going there because he'd already gone and found that everyone there was dead. Jack asked Hurley if he knew, and Hurley said Jacob mentioned it. Alpert was surprised Hurley had spoken to Jacob. "Whatever he said, don't believe him," Alpert said. He left, saying there was something he needed to do: "Die."Back in L.A., Ben went to Arzt and asked him if he could access someone's e-mail account without their knowledge. He was curious about some of the nurse's correspondence. He didn't want to tell Arzt what it was about, but confessed he thought she was involved in inappropriate relations with the principal. Arzt started demanding a better parking spot and science equipment. Then he told Ben he was "a real killer."Cut to Ben continuing to dig his grave.In the Black Rock, Alpert looked around and told Jack he'd been there before but it was the first time he'd ever come back. Alpert found dynamite and Hurley remembered it killed Dr. Arzt. Alpert said he couldn't kill himself but asked Jack to do it for him. Alpert explained that Jacob touched him, which is considered a gift but he was finding it to be more of a curse. Alpert freaked Hurley out by breaking the sticks of dynamite. Alpert told Jack that he devoted his life in service of a man who told him everything happened for a reason. He waited his whole life to learn the reason and felt like his entire life now had no purpose. Jack agreed to light the dynamite because there was nothing they could do to stop Alpert if he wanted to die.Jack lit the fuse on the dynamite, then leaned in to Alpert and said, "Let's talk."The fuse burned and Hurley wanted to run. Jack told him to go, so he did. Alpert told Jack to leave because he was going to die, but Jack said he didn't think either of them would die. He told Alpert about the lighthouse and his name being etched in the wheel, and seeing his house in the mirror. "For some reason, he wanted me to know that he had been watching me ever since I was a kid," Jack told him. He said Jacob must have brought him to the island for a reason, and it wasn't to blow while sitting in the Black Rock with Alpert. The tension grew as the fuse burned closer to the dynamite stick -- then it went out.Alpert asked Jack what they should do next Jack said, "We go back to where we started."Ben continued to dig when he heard the rustling of the smoke monster in the bushes. Claimed Locke then appeared and Ben told him he was digging his own grave "because you talked me into killing Jacob." Claimed Locke wanted to get Locke as part of his group. But he said that once his group left the island, someone would have to be in charge of it. He said he couldn't think of a better choice than Ben. Ben didn't think he could escape his chains, but they suddenly unsnapped. Claimed Locke told Ben to go to the other island, to the Hydra station. Ben looked over at Ilana and took off running into the bushes.Back in L.A., Ben went to the principal's office and handed Reynolds something to read. It was 30 e-mails that described some pretty bad stuff. Ben said he wanted the principal's job. Reynolds then read Ben an e-mail from Alex Rousseau, asking him for a letter of recommendation to Yale. Reynolds said that if Ben went through with his blackmail for the principal's job, he would "torch" Alex.Back in the jungle, Ben ran with Ilana hot on his tail. He found a shotgun of his own and pointed it at her. He didn't shoot her, instead saying he wanted to explain that he knew what Ilana was feeling. He told Ilana that he watched his daughter die in front of him because he chose the island over her, "all in the name of Jacob -- I sacrificed everything for him, and he didn't even care." He admitted he stabbed him because he was angry and confused and afraid of losing his power, "but the thing that really mattered was already gone." He apologized for killing Jacob and said he didn't expect Ilana to forgive him because he'd never forgive himself. He asked her to just let him leave. She asked where he'd go, and Ben said, "To Locke, because he's the only one that'll have me." Ilana said she'd have him. Ben was touched and followed her.Ben was in the principal's office alone, but seemed to be settling in. Alex came in and said she intended to thank Principal Reynolds for a great recommendation letter. She asked Ben if he had anything to do with it and he said he didn't. Reynolds then came in and Ben said he was dropping off a detention sign-up sheet like he asked. Ben asked Alex if she'd be at history club. He said it was back on because Principal Reynolds agreed to get someone else to cover detention. Ben told Arzt that he didn't take out Reynolds and when Arzt was upset about not getting his parking space, Ben offered him his.Back at the beach, Ben walked behind Ilana as they arrived and everyone saw them. Ben laid down his shotgun and asked Sun if she needed help building their shelter.A slow music montage played, showing Frank sitting at a fire, Miles inspecting some newfound jewels, Ilana sitting alone and crying, and Jack, Hurley and Alpert walking up to meet them. Hurley and Sun hugged each other, then Sun hugged Jack. Alpert just stood behind and watched the reunion as Jack shook hands with Frank and Ilana. Ben stood alone on the other side of the group.The camera moved along the surface of the ocean when a periscope emerged and we saw its view, taking in the scene of the big reunion on the beach. A crew member in the submarine reported that there were people on the beach. The man he was reporting to, Charles Whidmore, told him to "proceed as planned."Boom.
