Previously on...: Sayid was shot and dunked into a spring at the temple and suddenly came back to life. Dogen, the temple leader guy, wanted to kill the newly alive Sayid. He said there was a "darkness" growing inside of him.Back in L.A.: Sayid sat in a taxi, anxious to go see his beloved Nadia. He brought flowers and she answered the door. They shared kisses on the cheek, but we soon realized that Nadia was married to Sayid's brother. Sayid said he was transmitting oil contracts around the world. Omer left to take a business call and Nadia asked Sayid if he'd gotten her message. She never heard back. Sayid's niece found a picture of Nadia in Sayid's bag. Sayid's brother Omer overheard this and didn't look pleased.Back at the temple, Sayid demanded answers from Dogen. He wanted to know about the machine Dogen hooked him up to. Dogen said every man has a scale that goes from good to evil, and the machine "tipped the wrong way" for Sayid. Dogen told Sayid directly, "I think it would be best if you were dead." Sayid began to tell Dogen he was a good man, and Dogen attacked him, setting off a hand-to-hand showdown unlike any we've seen on this show. Dogen was just about to stab Sayid in the neck when his baseball fell off the table and hit the ground. He stopped short, told Sayid to "leave this place and never come back," then walked over and picked up his baseball.In the jungle, Claimed Locke and Claire were gearing up to go into the temple. Claire asked Claimed Locke to promise he'd do what he said. She reminded him that she wants her son back. She asked Locke if he was going to hurt them."Only the ones who won't listen," he said.In L.A. that night, Omer woke Sayid in the middle of the night and confessed that he was in money trouble. He borrowed cash from a loan shark who demanded interest paid every month for as long as he owns his business. Omer asked Sayid to "convince" them to leave him alone. He told Sayid, "I know what kind of man you are." Omer told Sayid that if he cared about Nadia he would help. Sayid told him, "I'm not that man anymore."At the temple, Sayid prepared to leave. He told Miles he'd been banished. Miles told Sayid that it wasn't Dogen who brought him back to life. That's when Claire walked in. She told Dogen "he wants to see you." Claire said "he" wanted to see Dogen outside the temple, but Dogen said if he left the temple "he" would kill him. He had Claire captured and instructed Lennon, his helper guy, to put her in the hole and find Jack and Hurley.Dogen then asked Sayid to come with him."I thought you wanted me to leave," Sayid said."Things have changed," Dogen explained.Dogen told Sayid that Claire was "a confused girl under the influence of an angry man." Dogen explained that this man, "evil incarnate," was free now that Jacob was gone. Dogen gave Sayid instructions to kill this evil man, who he said would come to him as someone he knows, "someone who has died." He wanted Sayid to plunge a dagger into the man's chest. Dogen told Sayid that if the man spoke, it was already too late. Sayid questioned Dogen about why he should do anything he asked, and Dogen told Sayid it was his chance to prove there was still good in him.Back in L.A., Sayid's niece and nephew said they liked when he was around, "and mommy likes it, too." He sent them off to school and Nadia came out calling for him. Next, we saw them in a hospital. The doctors said Omer was mugged. Nadia figured it wasn't a mugging, and she told Sayid not to go do whatever he was thinking of doing.Back in the jungle, Sayid ran into Kate, who asked him what she'd missed. He told her to ask Miles. Kate went back into the temple and headed right toward Miles for answers. Miles knew Sawyer had sent her packing. He told Kate that Claire was back. Kate wanted to know where she was.Sayid continued to walk into the jungle. He stood for a moment when the trees started to swirl and Claimed Locke appeared. "Hello, Sayid," he said. Sayid quickly jammed the knife into Locke's chest, and was stunned at what happened next. After a moment, Locke pulled the knife out of his own chest, then asked, "Now, why'd you go and do that?"Locke stood, holding the dagger, and stepped toward Sayid. He offered it back. Sayid took it. He told Locke that Dogen said he was "evil incarnate," and Locke said he felt sorry for Sayid. He told Sayid that Dogen knew he had no chance of killing him, but sent him anyway because he believed Locke would kill Sayid if he tried. Locke then said it wasn't the first time Dogen had tried to get someone to kill Sayid on his behalf, so "shame on you for being talked into it so easily."Locke asked Sayid to deliver a message. He asked Sayid, "What if I told you you could have anything you ever wanted?" Sayid said all he ever wanted died in his arms and he'd never see it again. "What if I told you you could?" Locke asked.Back in L.A., Nadia's kids were asleep but Omer was still in the hospital. They talked about Omer's loan. Nadia said it was his responsibility, "he brought this on himself." She asked Sayid why he didn't want to be with her, and she asked him why he pushed her toward his brother. He said he'd been trying to wash his hands of all the horrible things he'd done and said he couldn't be with her "because I don't deserve you."Back in the jungle, Sayid went back to the temple and Dogen asked what happened. Sayid then told everyone in the temple that the man outside the temple sent him with a message: "Jacob is dead." Because Jacob was gone, none of them had to stay in the temple any longer. They were free. He said that the man he met was leaving the island, and whoever wanted to join him should leave the temple and join him. They had until sundown to decide. When asked what would happen if they stayed, Sayid said, "You die."Dogen was not happy.Back in the recesses of the temple, Kate demanded to see Claire. Lennon took Kate to the hole, where she saw Claire sitting and singing to herself. Kate said hello and Claire was happy to see her. Claire told Kate that the temple people had Aaron, but Kate explained that she took Aaron off the island and raised him. She told Claire she came back to the island to rescue Kate so they could be together again."I'm not the one that needs to be rescued, Kate," Claire said. Then Kate was taken away as Claire said, "He's coming, Kate. He's coming and they can't stop him."People were scurrying from the temple and Dogen's helper was upset with Sayid for having created a panic. Miles asked Sayid what was happening, then asked if they were going to get out of the temple."Not yet," Sayid said, pulling the dagger out of its sheath. "I have to return this."Back in L.A., Sayid walked outside of his brother's house when a couple of mean looking dudes in a dark SUV told him to get in their car. He went with them. He ended up in a restaurant kitchen, where Keamy from the mercenary team that invaded the island offered to make him eggs. However, there was no sense of recognition. Keamy asked Sayid how his brother was doing. Keamy told Sayid that Omer borrowed money from him and still owes him money. Keamy was playing it cool until Sayid attacked his two tough guys, quickly taking one hostage as the guy's partner shot at him, then Sayid pulled the tough guy's gun and shot back at the second guy. Keamy was left fumbling, telling Sayid the debt was forgiven. Keamy asked Sayid to just relax and forget about it."I can't," Sayid said before shooting Keamy in the chest.He heard a noise from the walk-in refrigerator. It was a man being held captive. Sayid ripped the tape off the man's mouth. It was Jin. He was speaking Korean and when Sayid asked who he was, Jin said, "No English."Sayid went into the temple to meet with Dogen, who was holding his baseball. Sayid asked Dogen why he'd tried twice to have someone else kill him, and wondered why Dogen didn't do it himself. Dogen said he was a businessman, worked at a bank and was good at his job. He said he was promoted one day and his coworkers took him out to celebrate. He had too much to drink. He said every Friday he picked his son up from baseball. "He was 12," Dogen said. "The accident was very bad. I survived, but my son..." He said in the hospital, a man he'd never met came to him. The man said he could save his son's life, but he'd have to go to the island where he could have a new job but could never see his boy again.Sayid asked who it was, and Dogen said his name was Jacob."Jacob drives a hard bargain," Sayid said.Dogen knew that the man outside the temple had offered Sayid a similar bargain. Dogen asked Sayid if he was going to choose to stay or go. Sayid said he'd like to stay. Dogen seemed surprised, but then Sayid tackled him and tossed him into the spring. Sayid held Dogen underwater until there was no more movement. The baseball floated to the surface.Lennon went into the spring to try to save Dogen. He told Sayid that Dogen was "the only thing keeping him out. You just let him in."Sayid took the dagger and slashed Lennon's throat, saying, "I know."As night fell on the temple's courtyard, a noise broke the silence and the smoke monster appeared. Everyone scattered as it tossed everyone and everything in its path. Miles tried to escape with Kate, but she went to get Claire. Miles was found deep in the innards of the temple by Ilana, Frank the pilot and Ben, who were asking where everyone else was. Ben ran to get Sayid.Kate found Claire in the hole and Claire told Kate to come inside where she'd be safer. As the smoke monster swept through the area, Kate jumped into the hole, but held on to the edge so she didn't fall all the way inside.Ben found Sayid and saw Dogen and Lennon's bodies in the spring. Ben said he knew a way out and there was still time."Not for me," Sayid said, cracking a half-smile. Ben backed away slowly.Miles caught up with Sun and told her he'd seen Jin the day before, but he'd left the temple.Ilana examined a wall inside the temple for a hidden switch that would open it. She, Frank, Miles and Sun stepped inside just as the smoke monster swept by.Kate, Claire and Sayid walked slowly among the burned up remains of the temple. They stepped out into the courtyard where Locke was standing with lots of people behind him. He nodded toward Claire, who nodded back. Locke spotted Kate walking out of the temple and gave her a glance. Locke turned and walked through the crowd, which followed him. Kate looked skeptically as the crowd slowly walked behind its leader.Boom.
