The scene opens with Jack childhood days where a boy threatenes him to stay out of a fight by laying down as he was, but nevertheless Jack gets up and goes to try to help a boy who was getting beaten up by another boy. But the boy who ad threatened him punches him in the face. But we come to know that Jack is a person who likes to help people in need.Jack is very upset over not being able to save the drowing woman. He speaks it out this with Kate blaming himself for making a choice not to save her. Further in the conversation when Jack asks Kate whether she saw a man standing in the water (which is his father)> Presumably it turns out that it's Jack's hallucination as Kate didn't see anyone. Kate blames his halluciantions on lack of sleep and asks him about the same.Sun and Jin are still keeping themselves apart from the rest of the group. Why Jin does not want to mingle with the others even in the desperate times is still not known. Sun tries to pursuade him to try a bit harder to communicate with the others in order to be in loop of what is going on. Jin seems stubborn to do that.Hurley approaches Jack over the inevitable water crisis that they will be facing very soon. Hurley and Charlie are concerned over this and hpe Jack to help them all out. But Jack refuses to do anything about it.The scene again flashes back to Jack's childhood (This is the continuation of the scene in at the start of this episode when Jack gets a punch in the nose) When Jack's father learns about what hapened, he tries to talk him out of trying to save everyone around him. Because in trying to save others, there is always a danger risking your interests. He gives his own example of a child who was his patient and who died despite his efforts to save him. But he says this incident did not affect him deeply and went on with his day as normal. That's what he expects from Jack i.e. not to be over emotionally involved in other people's lives.As Jack recalls this incident in his mind, Boone approaches and demands an answer of making a choice of saving him over that woman. According Boone, he could have saved himself and he indirectly Jack of letting the woman drown to her death. As this conversation was going, once again all of a sudden Jack gets the hallucination of his father standing in the distance. He runs after him as his father goes into the jungle. This time Jack succeeds in chasing him and gets awstruck to see his father turnnig around to face him and says 'Dad.' The scene again flashes back to Jack having a conversation with his mother. Apparently, Jack's father has left the house and gone to Australia. The reason why he did this is unknown. But from theier conversation we could figure out that something happpend because of Jack which lead his father to leave them. Now Jack's mother wants Jack to bring him back from Australia. Why Jack ended up in Australia is revealed here.Back on the beach Claire faints for no apparent reason. Charlie and others pick her up to a shelter and lay her down. Kate asks them to bring her water. At this point they find out that the water has been stolen. Kate and Sayeed take this problem to John Lock. He fears that when this news gets around there will be a chaos on the beach. But he offers to help and goes into the jungle to look out for the water as Jack is supposedly disappeared for the time being.Jack goes after his father into the jungle when the scene again flashes back where Jack is now in Australia in a hotel where his father had checked in. He finds out from the hotel staff that the bed in the room in which his father had checked in has not been used for the last three days. Jack asks whether his father had rented a car, which he hasn't. Apparently there had been an incident with his father when he had to escorted to his room after having had too much to drink. So the staff member speculates that no rental agency would rent him a car in that condition. His eyes fell on his wallet and he gets a bit doubtful about his father's disappearance. Because no person would ever leave his wallet behind even if he is to run away somewhere. So Jack begins thinking what would have happened to his father and he is still clueless about his father's whereabouts.Back in the jungle Jack continues to go after his father. He keeps seeing him and while in the process of chasing after him he gets hit by something and ends up hanging down by the cliff. Just as he was about to lose his grip, John shows up there from nowhere and saves his from falling to his death. Upon being saved by John, Jack having failed to figure out what exactly happened laughs.Sayeed and Kate are having conversation when Jack approaches them. He has the information that the Chinese couple have one of those water bottles which had got stolen earlier. Sayeed goes to confron the woman and demands an answer as to where did they get the bottle. But they don't seem to understand English. Eventually Jin points it towards Sawyer telling it was him who gave them the bottle. Kate was just about to go to Sawyer to demand an explanation when Sayeed stops her because he sees no bottles within sight where Sawyer happened to be sitting. So even if they go to him they would not get any answer out of him. So Sayeed says that it would be wise to wait for Sawyer himself to lead them to the stolen water just a rat will always lead you to its hole. But it turns out that Saywer hadn't stolen the water. He traded the bottle with Mr Miyagi (Jin) for a fish.In the jungle, Jack and Lock are having a conversation. Lock expects John to lead everyone because almost everyone on the island seems to look up to him as a leader. They treat him as a leader. Then Lock wants to know why Jack was there and he asks him the same. Jack tells him that he is chasing someone who is not there. (He doesn't tell him that he saw his father). Lock has had a complete change of attitude when he landed on his island. That's when he started to believe that there is something about the island. That is why he kind of believes what Jack saw may not have been an hallucination but actually the person himself. And whatever there has happened might have happened for a reason. Jack doesn't seem to be convinced by the theory, but doesn't also discard it. He then wants to join Lock to go look for the water, but Lock refuses.That night as Jack is sitting by the bonfire, pondering over what Lock had said to him earlier about the possibilty that his father might be alive on this island. The scene then flashes back to where Jack had gone to id his father's body in a morgue. While looking back at this he confirms to himself his father was actually dead. He was about to start to break down when he hears some footsteps from behind him. He then picks up a log and goes after whatever was out there in the jungle. But he comes across a stream of pure water and by its side he few dolls fallen out of some luggage. Again in the flashback, the airport staff wouldn't allow him to take his father's coffin with him for want of proper documents. He tries to negotiate with the staff asking for a favor and finally manages to get the coffin put on the plane to LA. But back on the beach when he sees the coffin, he finds out that the body of his father is missing from it. He gets furious over this not knowing what to think.
