Previously on...: Sawyer and Juliet made a life together in 1977, only to have her die and for Sawyer to blame Jack for her death. Sayid died from his injuries and remarkably came back to life, asking, "What happened?"What happened: Dogan's right-hand man Lennon came to Dogan and reported that Sayid was alive. Sayid asked Jack what happened to him and Jack told him, "You died." Sawyer was bitter than "an Iraqi torturer who shoots kids" suddenly came back to life, but he'd lost Juliet. Sawyer was plotting some kind of escape from the temple, telling Kate, "I'm thinkin' about runnin'."Back at LAX after Oceanic 815 landed safely, Kate carjacked a cab that Claire was riding in. Claire tried to escape, but Kate wouldn't let her. Kate seemed to briefly recognize Jack, who was walking along the terminal sidewalk. The cab driver fled after they left the airport, and Kate forced Claire to get out, as well, not letting her get her suitcase from the trunk.Back at the temple, Hurley told Sayid that "the others" caught them again. Jack noticed that Sayid's bullet wound was "almost completely closed" and Sayid thanked him for saving his life. Dogan came out and asked Sayid to come inside with him. Jack wanted to ask some questions about who the temple people were and why they were keeping Jack and Co. They said they'd tell Jack whatever he wanted to know once they got a chance to talk to Sayid. Sawyer started shooting at them and pointed his gun at the entire group, saying he was going to leave. Dogan told Sawyer he had to stay, but Sawyer said, "No, I don't." He told Kate not to come after him, and he walked out the temple door.The temple guards took Sayid inside while Jack was held back. Lennon asked Jack where "Ford" went. Kate volunteered to go find him, and Jin said he'd go with her. The right-hand man guy told Kate it was "very important" that Sawyer come back, and Kate said she can "be very convincing" when she wants to be.Cut back to Kate in the carjacked cab. She went to a car body shop and the guy there cut her handcuffs off for $200. She told him she was wanted for murder, then asked for a place to change her clothes. She opened Claire's duffel bag and found a picture of Claire inside, seemingly happy to be pregnant, along with toys and baby supplies. Kate looked stunned.Back in the temple, Kate and Jin were preparing to chase down Sawyer. She asked Jack to take care of Sayid. She said goodbye and left.Dogan blew some dust (which appeared to be the same as they were pouring around the temple and had been around "Jacob's" cabin) over Sayid, who was bound to a bed. He then attached some wires to Sayid's chest and stomach and cranked a machine that sent waves of electricity through Sayid's body. The man then pulled a hot iron out of a fire and pressed it to Sayid's stomach, making him scream in agony, despite insisting he had no secrets. Lennon apologized for putting him through the torture, saying it was a test. Sayid asked what the test was for, but the man said, "Don't worry, you passed." The man walked away and asked the temple leader, "I just lied to him, didn't I?""Yes," the leader said.Back in L.A., Kate tracked down Claire, who was sitting alone at a bus stop. She asked Claire where she was going before Kate took the cab. Kate gave Claire her bag, and Claire said, "Don't worry about it," when Kate asked again where she was going. Claire said she was headed to meet the couple who was going to adopt her baby. Kate offered her a ride.Back on the island, Kate and Jin were walking and talking with Aldo and Justin, two guards from the temple (we've seen Aldo before). Aldo told Kate he and Justin were protecting them from the smoke monster. Jin asked Aldo if he knew about the Ajira flight, and Justin began to confirm before Aldo told him to shut up. Aldo told Kate she had hit him with a rifle butt when they were trying to escape from the island. Kate started to engage in conversation with Aldo just long enough to knock him out cold and take out Justin with a swinging net full of rocks that was conveniently located (Kate mentioned that the trap looked like one of Rousseau's, but Justin said Rousseau had been dead for years -- and Aldo told him to shut up). Jin asked Kate what she was doing and she said, "Escaping."Back in the temple, Sayid told Jack about the torture, but said he didn't know why it happened. Jack went to see Dogan, and asked what they did to Sayid. Lennon said Sayid was "sick." He said there was no literal translation for what the temple leader said Sayid had, but "the closest thing would be 'infected.'" He then told Jack he had to give Sayid a pill. The right-hand man said Sayid had to take the pill willingly. Dogan then asked Jack how Sayid got shot. Jack said Sayid was helping him, so it was his fault. "And there have been others who have been hurt or died helping you?" Dogan asked. Jack said yes and Dogan said this was Jack's chance to redeem himself, handing him the pill he said Sayid needed. He said "the infection will spread" if Sayid didn't take it.Hurley asked Sayid if he was a zombie, and Sayid said he wasn't. Jack came over and asked for a moment alone with Sayid. Jack unfolded the pill and told Sayid they wanted him to take it. Jack confessed that he didn't have anything to do with saving Sayid's life. Sayid said he trusted Jack and would take the pill if Jack wanted him to. Jack didn't react.Back in the jungle, Kate told Jin she was trying to find Sawyer. Jin asked Kate where the Ajira plane landed; he wanted to know because Sun was on it. He asked what she'd do once she caught up with Sawyer. "I guess we'll figure that out together," she told him.Back in L.A., Kate drove Claire to Brentwood, where the adoptive parents lived. They got to the house and Claire asked Kate to come in with her. She didn't want to go alone. A woman answered the door and nearly began crying when she saw Claire. She explained that her husband left her and that, even though she wanted the baby, she can't do it alone. The stress sent Claire into labor right on the doorstep.Back on the island, Kate walked into the abandoned Dharma village, where she heard some noise inside a house. She went in and found Sawyer tearing through the floor in the bedroom. He pulled out a box and opened it, not realizing Kate was watching him from the doorway. He pulled something from it and held it close, then sensed someone was there and pulled his gun. He saw that it was Kate and walked out of the room without saying anything after she told him she was worried about him.Back in L.A., Kate took Claire to the hospital. Kate found a doctor -- who just happened to be Ethan from the island. He introduced himself as Dr. Goodspeed, which was his real name (he was Horace & Amy's baby. I have no idea why he told the castaways his name was Rom). He came to check on Claire and said Mother Nature was ahead of herself, meaning Claire could go into labor any moment. Claire said she wasn't ready and asked the doctor to delay the labor. But there was a drop in the baby's heart rate and Claire panicked, asking if Aaron was OK. Kate reacted to hearing the name, but said nothing. The heart beat went back to normal. Kate gave a half-smile after the doctor told Claire she was doing great.Back on the island, Kate and Sawyer talked on the dock, and she told him she needed to find Claire and bring her back to Aaron. If she could do that, she said, "maybe all of this wouldn't have been for nothing." Kate tried to apologize for Juliet's death because if Kate hadn't come back to the sub when Sawyer and Juliet were about to leave, she'd be fine. Sawyer then said it was his fault, because he convinced Juliet to stay on the island because he didn't want to be alone. He held a ring in his hand and told Kate he was going to ask Juliet to marry him. He stood up and tossed the ring into the water.Kate cried.Back in the temple, Dogan sat, spinning a baseball and thinking to himself. Jack came to him and they talked. Dogan told Jack that he used a translator because he has to "remain separate from the people I'm in charge of." He said the translator makes it easier when the people don't agree with his decisions. He said his name was Dogan and he was "brought here, like everyone else." He knew Jack didn't give Sayid the pill, and Jack said he was right. He didn't give it to him because he didn't know what was in it. Dogan said he couldn't explain and added, "you just have to trust me." Jack said he didn't even trust himself.Jack then said, "Let's see where trust gets us," and popped the pull in his mouth. Dogan jumped into action, punching Jack in the stomach and giving him the Heimlich until he coughed up the capsule. Jack then asked again what was in it and Dogan said, "Poison."Back in the L.A. hospital, Claire looked at an ultrasound picture when a couple of police officers walked into her room and asked if "Miss Joan Hart" was there. Claire said "she was just the cab driver." Kate could hear the exchange from the next room. After the police left, she came out and thanked Claire, who asked why they were after her. Kate asked Claire if she'd believe her if she said she was innocent. Claire said she would.Kate was leaving and Claire offered her credit card as a way to help her get by. Kate took the card and said, "Aaron is a great name."Claire said she didn't even know why she said it, "I just knew it."Kate said she thought Claire should keep the baby. Claire simply said, "Good luck," and Kate wished her the same.Back in the temple, Dogan told Lennon about Jack swallowing the pill. Then Dogan offered Jack a cup of tea, to which Jack laughed and then took a sip. Dogan told Jack that they were trying to kill Sayid because he believed Sayid had been "claimed" (again, the closest translation for whatever Dogan said in whatever language he said it)."By what?" Jack asked. Dogan said there was a darkness growing in him and once it reached Sayid's heart, everything he once was would be gone."How can you be sure?" Jack asked."Because it happened to your sister," Dogan said.Jin was drinking water from the river when Aldo and Justin found him and attacked him. Aldo wanted to kill Jin, but Jin took off running. He only made it a few feet before his leg was caught in a trap and he fell to the ground in agony.Aldo and Justin came toward him, pointing guns at him for a moment before gunshots rang out and they both crumpled to the ground. It appears that Aldo dies, but Justin may have only been wounded.Jin looked up to see where the shots came from and saw a mysterious blonde figure at the top of the hill."Claire?" he said to himself.A close-up confirmed, it was Claire, shotgun in hand, doing what appeared to be her best impression of Rousseau.Boom.
