LaFleur: translated from Creole meens "the flower"Previously on...: The island was moving through time and Locke talked about going to get the Oceanic Six back. Locke went into the well that would take him to the donkey wheel when another flash occurred and he and the well were both gone.'I think it's over': Sawyer, Juliet, Jin and Miles stood at the spot where the well had been and realized they were in a time before the well was built. "I'd say way before," Miles said, pointing up to a massive statue they'd obviously never noticed before.As another flash occurred (while John was turning the donkey wheel), it caused a "different" event, according to Miles. One that felt more like an earthquake. The well appeared to be back, but there was no hole in the ground. Juliet and Miles noticed their headaches and nosebleeds were gone."I think it's over," Juliet said. "I think John did it."Sawyer said they had to wait for Locke to come back, for "as long as it takes."Mr. LaFleur: We came back to some Dharma workers in a bunker, where one dancing with a girl while the other was upset and said she shouldn't be there. The dancing guy told the stressed out one to relax and mocked him for thinking the polar bears might get out of their cages. The girl then noticed on someone on a screen. It was Horace, and he was tossing dynamite sticks. They panicked and decided to go wake up Mr. LaFleur, knowing he'd be upset.(Horace was also in John Locke's dream in season 4. Horace was seen with a bloody nose and chopping trees for Jacob's mysterious cabin it was originally to be "a little get-away for [Horace] and the misses")They told "Mr. LaFleur" about the situation with Horace and the dynamite. As the camera panned back, we saw that Mr. LaFleur was Sawyer. Then saying his trademark "Son of a B*%&!", he zipped up his Dharma jumpsuit and went out to deal with the problem.Mr. LaFleur picked up Miles and they jumped into the blue Dharma VW van to get Horace. Sawyer took Horace home, where his wife said they had a fight. She called Sawyer "Jim." Jim LaFleur? She said the fight was "about Paul." Horace's wife was pregnant and suddenly felt contractions. The baby was coming.Three Years Earlier: Sawyer and Juliet came back to where Daniel had stayed with Charlotte, but they couldn't find Charlotte. Daniel is muttering "I won't do it" meaning he won't tell Charlotte that she must never come back. Daniel told Sawyer and the others "She's gone." He said she died and her body just disappeared. Daniel said Charlotte moved on "and we stayed." He explained to Sawyer that "it's over" and said that "whenever we are now, we're here for good."Sawyer wanted to go back to the beach. Juliet went along with it over Miles' objection, even though she told Sawyer later that it was a stupid idea. As they walked, they heard gunshots and a woman crying. The woman was crying out to Paul when Sawyer and Juliet approached, shooting two guys who were holding her at gunpoint.Sawyer told the woman she was safe, "it's over." She looked at him and asked, "Who are you?"Juliet said "her friend" (Paul) was wearing a Dharma jumpsuit, which meant they were in the '70s or '80s.Sawyer told the woman they had to leave, and told her a story about their boat being shipwrecked on their way to Tahiti. She cried said they had to bury the dead guys, and mentioned "the truce." She also wanted to bring Paul back. She said he was her husband.As they walked with the woman and Paul in tow, Sawyer said there would be a lot of questions, so they should let him do the talking. They approached one of Dharma's sonic fences and Sawyer told the woman to turn it off. She asked again about the shipwreck Sawyer mentioned, and he told her to trust them and turn it off. She said she turned off the fence and she walked through unharmed, but as Sawyer and crew strolled by, they were all knocked to the ground by a high-pitched buzz. Then the woman took some earplugs out of her ears.Three Years Later: The same woman was suffering through labor and it was breech. The doctor said he wasn't sure if he could deliver it and that most babies are delivered on the mainland. Sawyer went to get Juliet and asked her to deliver the baby. Juliet was worried because every baby she's tried to deliver on the island hasn't worked.The doctor was skeptical of Juliet, but Amy, the pregnant woman, said she wanted Juliet to do the delivery.Jin came to Sawyer and told him "We finished Grid 1-3-3 today" and there was "no sign of our people." Sawyer told him to check 1-3-4 the next day. Jin asked how long they should keep looking, and Sawyer said, "As long as it takes."Juliet came out and announced the baby was a boy, and "every one's OK."Three Years Earlier 'The Black Rock':Sawyer woke up with a headache and with a long-haired guy, Horace, thanking him for helping Amy, then asking Sawyer who the hell he was. Horace told Sawyer that the indigenous people of the island didn't like them very much, so he had to ask some questions.Sawyer said he was James LaFleur and that his ship got caught in a storm. Sawyer kept up with the story, saying they were in a salvage vessel looking for a famous wrecked ship called "The Black Rock."Horace told Sawyer that he and his crew would have to get on a submarine the next morning that would take them to Tahiti and they could find their way home from there. Horace said Sawyer and his people couldn't stay on the island because they weren't members of the Dharma Initiative. Then he told Sawyer he was "not Dharma material."Juliet told Miles the story of how the Others wiped out the Dharma people who lived in the village and that she came in on a submarine "a long time after that."Jin asked Daniel, "No more flash?" Daniel said, no. He said, "The record is spinning again, we're just not on the song we want to be on."Then he noticed a little girl with red hair and whispered, "Charlotte."Sawyer came back to the group and said they believed his story. Suddenly, an alarm went off and everyone scurried into buildings. Sawyer and Juliet looked out the window and saw a man plant a torch into the ground. It was Richard Alpert.Horace went out to meet Alpert, who said the Dharma folks had broken their truce. He wanted to know where his two men were.Horace came and asked Sawyer how well he buried the bodies. Sawyer decided to take matters into his own hands. He walked out and introduced himself to Alpert. He told Alpert he was the one who killed the two guys.Sawyer went on to tell Alpert that he wasn't part of the Dharma Initiative, then started telling him all kinds of things he couldn't possibly know: The "Jughead" being buried, Locke telling him he was their leader, then disappearing. Alpert believed Sawyer wasn't with Dharma, but said his people still needed justice for the two murders. Alpert wanted to take Paul's body in order to maintain the truce.Horace told Amy the news, and she got emotional, but knew that Paul would want to protect the Dharma people. She pulled a cross-like necklace (the Egyptian symbol for "life") from Paul's chest and took it. Horace told Sawyer he could stay on the island for two more weeks until the sub was going to leave again.Juliet told Sawyer she thought they were "already saved." She told him she was going to get on the submarine and go home. Sawyer talked her in to staying two more weeks.Three Years Later: Sawyer picked a flower on his way home and found Juliet cooking dinner. He gave her the flower and she thanked him for believing in her about the baby delivery. They kissed and told each other, "I love you."Horace woke up after his drunken stupor and Sawyer told him Amy had their baby. It was a boy.Sawyer asked Horace why he was boozing and throwing dynamite at trees. He explained that he found Paul's "cross" in Amy's drawer when he was looking for socks and it made him wonder if three years was long enough to get over someone.Sawyer told Horace he "had a thing for a girl once." He said he "had a shot at her, but [he] didn't take it". He said he didn't even remember what her face looked like and she is never coming back. "So, is three years long enough to get over someone?" Sawyer asked. "Absolutely."Sawyer and Juliet were sleeping when the phone rang. Sawyer said, "Don't bring them in. Just meet me in the north valley."Juliet asked who was on the phone and Sawyer said it was Jin. Then he left.In the valley, the blue Dharma VW bus pulls up, and Sawyer watches Hurley and Jack get out. Then he takes off his glasses sees...Kate. There is a long dramatic pause and...Boom.
