Previously on...: Oceanic 815 landed safely, but Jack's father's coffin was lost by the airline. Sayid seemed to have died, but came back to life and the new temple leader guy said he'd been claimed. He also said the same happened to Jack's sister, Claire, who shot a couple of Others to save Jin in the jungle.'Lighthouse': Jack talked to his mom on the phone and they were still wondering where Christian's body ended up. She also couldn't find his will. Jack, who'd noticed a scar on his abs, asked his mom when he had his appendix taken out. She said he was 7 or 8, but he didn't fully remember. Jack then went to pick up a boy named David from school, and David called Jack "Dad."Back at the temple, the temple leader guy was glad Jack hadn't left. He also asked Jack if Kate, Jin and Sawyer would come back and Jack said he didn't think they would. Hurley walked into the temple to look for some food when he saw Jacob, who asked Hurley to help someone find their way to the island.Back in L.A., Jack was introducing his son to his house and his new room. It wasn't going well.Back at the temple, Claimed Sayid was wondering why everyone was staring at him. Jack told Sayid that the pill the temple leader guy wanted him to take was poison. Jack told Sayid, "Whatever it is they say happened to you, they say it happened to someone else, too."Before Jack said who it was, we saw Claire in the jungle freeing Jin from a trap. She said she'd been out in the jungle since the gang left the island three years earlier.Back in the temple, Hurley walked around looking for symbols engraved on some walls when Dogen, leader of the Temple Others, saw him and told him to go away. Jacob reappeared to Hurley only and told him to say he was a candidate and that he could do what he wanted, which he did. Dogen said something in Japanese, and Jacob told Hurley he didn't want to know what was said. Hurley asked Jacob for advice on how to get Jack to come along with him on his assignment.Hurley told Jack to follow him to a tunnel out of the temple, but Jack refused. That's when Hurley said that Jacob told him to tell Jack, "You have what it takes." That got Jack's attention, and he agreed to go see Jacob.In the jungle, Jin woke up to find himself in a bizarre shelter where he saw a makeshift cradle with some king of animal skeleton inside. Claire brought one of the Others back to the shelter and wanted to interrogate him about whether he'd taken her son. The man told Jin they had to escape, or else Claire would kill them both.As Hurley and Jack walked around the jungle, Jack found Kate sitting by the river. She said she was looking for Claire and wouldn't be going back to the temple. Jack wanted Kate to join him and Hurley, but Hurley said she wasn't invited. It didn't matter anyway, because Kate went on her way to continue looking for Claire.Back in L.A., Jack was at his mom's house looking for his father's will. His mom asked Jack how David was holding up, saying he seemed upset at the funeral. Jack said communication between he and his son was lacking. His mom told him to ask David if he was terrified of Jack the way Jack was terrified of his father. She found Christian's will, and she immediately asked Jack whether Christian had ever mentioned a Claire Littleton.Back in the jungle, Claire was sharpening a blade and the Other asked Jin to help him escape, but they did nothing. Claire came back in and told Jin about how she's survived the past three years on her own. She also said she was sure The Others had taken Aaron. She said her father told him they'd taken Aaron, and so did her "friend." She wasn't specific about who the "friend" was. Claire then picked up the ax and faced the Other guy.Back in the jungle, Hurley asked Jack what had happened with him and Kate. Jack just said he "wasn't cut out for it." They stumbled on to the caves and found some skeletons inside. Hurley wondered for a moment whether the skeletons were them after having time traveled to dinosaur times and died.Jack told Hurley about how he first found the caves when he was chasing the ghost of his father. He noted Christian's coffin, which he'd smashed to pieces "because he wasn't in it."Back in L.A., Jack went home and his son was gone. He waited a while and heard nothing. Then he went to another house, used a spare key to get inside and again found no one. He saw a bunch of piano sheet music and listened to a message on David's answering machine from a conservatory that was firming his time for an apparent audition, which was close to the time on Jack's watch.Back in the jungle, Hurley asked Jack why he came back to the island. Jack returned the question. Hurley told Jack about Jacob meeting him and telling him to go back, "so I came." He asked Jack if he had a better reason. Jack said he came back because he was broken, "and I was stupid enough to think this place could fix me." They turned and found a lighthouse.Claire interrogated The Other and just about when Claire was going to swing the ax at his leg, Jin told Claire that Kate took Aaron off the island. Claire began to cry and it seemed she was about to let the man go, but then she swung the ax right into his gut, where it stayed. And she walked away.Jack went to the conservatory and saw his son brilliantly playing piano on stage. He teared up as he watch his son play. A young boy asked Jack if that was his son and Jack said yes. Then the boy got a hug from what appeared to be his father. We saw the man's face, and it turned out to be Dogen. He told Jack that David is very talented and asked how long he has played for. Jack admitted he didn't know how long his son had been playing piano.Back on the island, Hurley and Jack made it to the top of the lighthouse, where Hurley had to spin a huge dial to 108 degrees. Jack noticed an image in the mirror of the lighthouse signal as Hurley moved the dial. Then Jack noticed that each degree mark on the dial correlated with a name. His name was No.23, and he turned the dial back to 23 and saw his house in the mirror's reflection. Jack said Jacob has been watching them, and he demanded that Hurley ask Jacob why Jacob was watching them. As Hurley tried to explain that it didn't work that way and he couldn't just ask Jacob to appear, Jack grew angry and impatient, and smashed all the mirrors.Back in L.A., Jack met his son outside the conservatory and told him he was great. Jack told David he'd scared him. David told Jack that he made his mom promise not to tell Jack that he was still playing piano. David said he was always worried that Jack was too "into" his piano playing, and he didn't want Jack to see him fail. Jack told David that his father had always told him he "didn't have what it takes." But Jack assured David that in his eyes, David could never fail. They went back home to have pizza.Hurley sat outside the lighthouse when Jacob showed up and asked him how it went. Hurley was upset that Jacob didn't show up earlier, before Jack freaked out. Hurley wondered why Jacob seemed so calm despite the fact that his assignment didn't get done. Hurley realized that Jacob wanted Jack to see what was in the mirror. Jacob explained that he needed Jack to see how important he is, and that Jack was there because he had to do something but he couldn't be told what it was. He had to find it himself.Jacob then told Hurley that he had to get he and Jack as far away from the temple as he could, "because someone's coming there -- someone bad." Hurley wanted to warn the people back at the temple, but Jacob said he couldn't. It was too late.Back at Claire's shelter, she told Jin that if she hadn't killed the Other, he would have killed her. Jin told Claire that he was lying about Kate having taken Aaron because he was trying to save the man's life. He then told Claire that Aaron was at the temple and that he'd seem him there. But he told Claire she'd need him to get there. She asked how they'd get in, and Jin said there was a secret way in.Claire said she was glad to know Jin was lying about Kate, because if what he'd said was true, "I'd kill her."Claimed Locke showed up at Claire's shelter and Jin said, "John?"Claire smirked and said, "That's not John. That's my friend."Boom.
