Previously on...: Jin tried to sneak a wad of cash through customs and got caught. Hurley told Richard Alpert that he talked to his dead wife and that she said he had to stop the Man in Black from leaving the island. Claimed Locke sent Sawyer to Hydra, where he was captured and taken to Charles Whidmore. He offered to serve Claimed Locke up for killing in exchange for safe passage off the island. 'The Package': We started from the POV of a night-vision camera watching Claimed Locke and his group sitting around the campfire. Claimed Locke told Jin he was working on finding Sun so that they could leave the island together -- he explained that their name "Kwon" wasn't crossed off in the cave.Back in L.A., Jin was told his $25,000 had been confiscated. He told Sun he didn't know what the money was for. Her father asked him to deliver it with the watch and he didn't ask questions about the assignment he was given. They went to a hotel where they had separate rooms reserved because they weren't married.Back on the island, Claimed Locke went to run and errand and asked Saying to keep an eye on the camp. Sayid said he wasn't feeling any emotions, and "Locke" said that was best -- "it'll help you get through what's coming." when "Locke" left, Jin got up to leave, saying he was going to find his wife. Sawyer argued with him and tried to get him to stop, but they were hit by darts that came out of nowhere. Most everyone at camp crumbled to the ground after getting hit, and the shooters -- which included Zoe from Hydra -- stood over Jin and took him away.Ilana, Ben, Sun, Miles and Frank were waiting for Richard to come back, against Ben's wishes. Ilana said he'd come back, and they'd wait. Sun walked away in disgust. She and Jack talked and Jack told her about the lighthouse, and how they were candidates. She didn't want to hear it and told Jack to leave her alone. Back in L.A., it was 11:30 at night and Jin thought he should deliver the watch. She told him not to worry about it, and they played a little striptease game before falling into bed together. Their strict relations were seemingly all for show.Back on the island, "Locke" found Sun and told her he could take her to Jin. She didn't believe him and didn't trust him because he'd killed the people at the temple. She ran off and "Locke" chased her. As they ran, Sun slammed her head into a tree branch and collapsed.Back in L.A., the lovebirds woke up the following morning in bed together. Sun suggested they run away together and said she had a secret bank account. Jin said it was forbidden. Sun said there was something he needed to know, but a knock at the door interrupted them before she could say anything. Martin Keamy was at the door saying he was a friend of her father's. He let himself into her room and said she was supposed to have something for him.Back on the island, Sun came to and Ben was there asking her what happened. She said, "Locke." Just then, "Locke" arrived back at camp and found everyone unconscious with tranquilizer darts coming out of them. Sayid told "Locke" they'd been attacked. "Locke" just wanted to know where Jin was.Jin was trapped in one of the torture rooms -- Room 23. Zoe told him he was safe, then she tased him when he wanted to leave. Zoe showed him a grid map to the electromagnetism on the island, because he'd signed them. Jin demanded to talk to Whidmore, and she told him Whidmore wanted to talk to him, too.On the other island, "Locke" had to explain to Claire that her name wasn't on the wall but he still needed her. She asked if Kate's name was on the wall, but "Locke" said it wasn't. He said he needed Kate, though, because she could help get the other people on the plane off the island. Once she got them there, he told Claire, "whatever happens happens." "Locke" told Sawyer he was heading over to Hydra to get Jin back. Back in L.A., Sun handed Keamy the watch box, but he wanted the cash. Keamy and his partner found Jin in the bathroom. Keamy brought a translator -- Mikhail (sans eyepatch) -- who helped tell the story about the money being taken at customs. Sun offered to get more from a bank. Jin asked Keamy to promise not to say anything to Sun's father about their relationship and Keamy said their secret was safe. Back on the island, Jack was trying to figure out what was wrong with Sun. After hitting her head, she was no longer able to speak English, even though she still understood it. Alpert and Hurley showed up, and Richard told everyone to pack their bags because they were leaving. Locke showed up on Hydra, where the smoke-monster-resistant pylons were lined up along the shore to keep him away. "Locke" came face to face with Whidmore, who claimed he didn't know what "Locke" was talking about when he said Whidmore had taken one of his people. "A wise man once said that war is coming to island," "Locke" told Whidmore. "I think it just got here."Alpert explained that they were headed to Hydra to destroy the plane so that "Locke" couldn't leave. Sun was upset, telling Alpert in Korean that she wasn't going to help him destroy their only way off the island. She walked away in anger and Hurley's loose translation of the conversation was, "I don't think she wants to come."Back in L.A., Sun was surprised to find out her secret account had been closed by her father. She wondered why he'd do that. Keamy and his partner had taken Jin to the restaurant and had him bound in the kitchen. Keamy told Jin that the $25,000 was his fee for killing Jin because Sun's father had learned about Jin's relationship with Sun. Keamy apologized before putting duct tape on Jin's mouth and saying, "Some people just aren't meant to be together." Keamy walked out and closed the door on the walk-in refrigerator, leaving Jin inside.Back on Hydra, Whidmore was frustrated with Zoe having made it so obvious that Jin had been kidnapped. He asked her to retrieve a package from the submarine and take it to the infirmary. Whidmore met with Jin and gave him a camera that was found in Sun's luggage on the Ajira plane. It contained pictures of their daughter, whom Jin has never seen. He cried as he saw the photos. Whidmore said he, too, had a daughter and understood what it meant to be apart. Whidmore told Jin that "everyone we know and love would simply cease to be" if "Locke" got off the island. He said they had to make sure that didn't happen.Whidmore said Jin should see "the package." Jin asked what it was, but Whidmore said, "It's not a what. It's a who." Back in L.A., Jin was still locked inside the walk-in when he heard gunshots. Sayid pulled the door open, asking who Jin was, but he started to leave after saying he didn't really care. Sayid handed Jin a box cutter to work on the duct tape himself and said, "Good luck."Mikhail and Sun arrived at the restaurant kitchen to find bodies all over the place, but Keamy was still conscious. Mikhail found Keamy on the floor, but that's when Jin came up from behind him holding a gun to Mikhail's head. They had a little tussle that ended with Jin shooting Mikhail twice in the right eye (hello, eyepatch!). Sun was hit by one of the stray bullets. That was when she told Jin she was pregnant.On the island, Jack went to talk to Sun on the beach and asked her to try to write in English, and she could. She apologized for telling him to leave her alone earlier. She wrote on her notepad to Jack that "Locke" said he had Jin. She wrote to Jack that she didn't go with him because "I don't trust him." Jack asked Sun if she trusted him and she nodded. He promised to help her find Jin and get her on the plane and as far from the island as possible.Sawyer and Kate talked about "Locke" and what might have happened to him on Hydra, and that's when "Locke" came walking back. "Locke" asked Sawyer about the guarded room on the submarine that was clearly hiding something Whidmore didn't want Sawyer to see. "I don't like secrets," "Locke" said before walking away. We next saw Sayid emerge from the water next to the submarine. He saw Zoe and another man struggling to move "the package" from the sub. It was Desmond. At one point, they dropped him and his head hung over the side of the dock, allowing Sayid and Desmond to briefly look each other in the eye, but neither made much of an acknowledgment. They took Desmond away.Boom.
