Previously on...: In L.A., Sawyer arrested Kate in L.A., Sun told Jin she's pregnant, and Desmond hit Locke with a car while Ben watched. Back on the island, Sayid kidnapped Desmond, who Fake Locke promptly pushed down a well. Hurley brought his group, including Sun, Frank, Miles and Jack, to see Fake Locke.'The Last Recruit': Fake Locke told Jack he was hoping he'd come, then he asked to step aside with him so they could catch up. Jack told Fake Locke he didn't know what the hell he was, and Fake Locke went on to explain why he took over Locke's body."Because he was stupid enough to think that he'd been brought here for a reason," he said. Fake Locke confirmed that Locke had to be dead before he could "look like him." Jack wanted to know who else the Man in Black has looked like, and he responded, "What do you really want to ask me?"Jack explained that he chased his dead father through the jungle the third day they were on the island. "What that you?" Jack asked. Fake Locke confirmed it was him, and that he led him to water. Fake Locke told Jack that all he'd ever been interested in was helping him. Fake Locke explained that he wanted to help Jack leave, but because Jacob had chosen Jack, he was trapped there. Fake Locke continued to explain that they couldn't just leave "because it has to be all of us."Jack had second thoughts. He talked about how Locke was the only one who believed in the island, but Fake Locke said Locke was not a believer. "He was a sucker."Back in L.A.: Ben rode in the ambulance with Locke on his way to the hospital. Locke mumbled the name "Helen Norwood" and said he was going to marry her. They arrived at the hospital and Locke was wheeled in right next to Sun, who was en route after taking a bullet to the stomach. Sun looked over and panicked. She recognized Locke and said, "It's him! It's him!"Back on the island: Claire wanted to talk to her brother Jack. They bonded over the fact that the Man in Black had posed as their father. She told Jack it meant a lot that he was coming with them. Jack said he hadn't decided if he was going with them, but Claire said he already had. He'd decided the moment he let the Man in Black talk to him. "Just like the rest of us," she said. "You're with him now."Sawyer told Hurley about the sub and explained to him that Sayid wasn't invited because he'd "gone over to the dark side." Hurley thought he could still be saved from the dark side, "like Anakin." Sawyer didn't know who Hurley was talking about. Fake Locke gathered everyone around and said it was nice to have everyone back together again.Back in L.A.: Sawyer the Cop read Kate her rap sheet. He asked if she remembered him from the airport and asked whether she thought it was weird that a week later she smashed into his car. "It's almost like someone's trying to put us together," Sawyer said. Kate asked Sawyer why he didn't arrest her at the airport even though he saw her handcuffs. She posited that he let her go because he'd gone to Australia and didn't want anyone to know about it. That struck a nerve. Miles came over to Sawyer and said they had to look for Sayid after Sun's shooting. Back on the island: Jack told Kate he wasn't sure if he believed Fake Locke just yet. Zoe showed up with armed guards wanting to know where she could find "the man in charge." She said they wanted back the thing he took from them. Fake Locke pretended he didn't know what she was talking about. Zoe radioed for someone to "show them what we're capable of," and a few seconds later, a missile exploded nearby. She told Fake Locke he had until that night to hand over what they wanted. He took her radio and smashed, saying, "Well ... here we go."Back in L.A.: Desmond happened to meet Claire as she was headed to an adoption agency meeting. He walked with her and told her to be careful with her adoption contract. He said she should get a lawyer. He urged her to meet with his lawyer friend. She accepted the invitation. The lawyer was Ilana, who seemed a little shaken when she met Claire. Ilana told Claire, "We've been looking for you." Back on the island: Fake Locke said their confrontation was happening sooner than he expected and said that if the new others wanted a confrontation, that's what they'd get. Fake Locke asked Sawyer to take a group and go a different route to the other island. Fake Locke then pulled Sayid aside. Meanwhile, Sawyer pull Jack aside and told him they weren't going to meet Fake Locke because he had a deal with Whidmore. He told Jack to grab Hurley, Sun, and Frank and go to an old dock. Jack asked about Sayid and Claire, but Sawyer said "Sayid's a zombie and Claire's nuts -- she gave up her ticket when she tried to kill Kate."Fake Locke asked Sayid to go to where Desmond was and kill him. "You do still want what you asked me for, right?" Fake Locke asked. Sayid said he did. "Then go do what I said," Fake Locke said.Sayid went to the well to find Desmond. He pointed a gun down into it, and in the daytime it didn't seem as deep as we'd thought. Desmond asked Sayid what Fake Locke had offered him. "He told me I could get something back I lost," Sayid said. It was "the woman I love."Sayid admitted she was dead now. Then he said that he himself had died and Fake Locke brought him back. "So what will you tell her?" Desmond asked Sayid. "When she asks what you did to be with her again, what will you tell her?"Back in L.A.: Sayid packed quickly and told Nadia he'd taken care of her family's problem, but he was never going to be able to come back again. Miles knocked on her door and said he wanted to ask some questions. Sayid tried to sneak out the back and Sawyer caught him and arrested him.Back on the island: Sawyer let Kate in on the plan to ditch Fake Locke, and he told her Claire wasn't coming with them. She was upset because she'd promised Claire she'd bring her. Kate went along with Sawyer anyway and headed out to a sail boat.Meanwhile, Fake Locke was walking his larger group through the jungle. He asked Sun if she'd seen Sayid, apparently trying to pretend he hadn't sent Sayid on an errand. He asked why she was giving him the silent treatment. She took out her note pad and wrote, "You did this to me." Fake Locke left the pack for a moment so he could check for stragglers and that's when Jack made his move, grabbing sun, Hurley and Frank and telling them to follow him away from the pack. Claire saw them scurry away, and she didn't look happy.Sayid walked through the jungle alone and Fake Locke found him. Sayid told Fake Locke he did what was asked. He offered to let Fake Locke go check if he wanted confirmation. Fake Locke refused and said they had to catch up with the group.Jack and his group found Kate and Sawyer in the waiting sail boat. Claire caught up to them and pulled her shot gun on them. Kate offered to let Claire come with them, saying she could get her back to Aaron. She explained to Claire that she came back to the island just to get her, and pleaded with Claire to have her join them. Claire accepted and handed over her shotgun."If he finds out we're gone," Claire said, "he's going to be mad."Back in L.A.: Jack walked with his son to an appointment where they were going to hear Christian's will read. He went to Ilana's law office. Ilana told Jack she had a surprise for him, and asked if he believed in fate. She introduced Jack to Claire and Ilana explained that Claire found them, rather than the other way around. Claire told Jack that Christian was her father, too. Jack was stunned. Before he could say anything, Jack got a phone call about an emergency at the hospital he had to address. Back on the island: Sawyer told Frank about his plan to get them home. It included buddying up to Whidmore to get access to the submarine, then maybe putting a gun to someone's face and flying away. Sawyer went over and thanked Jack for following orders, but Jack said it didn't feel right to leave the island. Jack said he remembered how he felt the last time he left, "like a part of me was missing.""We were brought here because we're supposed to do something, James," Jack said. "And if Locke, that thing, wants us to leave, maybe he's afraid of what happens if we stay."Sawyer told him to get off the boat or keep his "crazy talk" to himself. He told Jack that if he wanted to take a leap of faith he should "get off my damn boat." Jack turned and told Sawyer he was sorry he got Juliet killed. Then he turned and jumped off the boat. Kate was upset and Sawyer told her Jack changed his mind. "We have to go back and get him," Kate said."We're done going back, Kate," Sawyer told her.Back in L.A.: Sun awoke in the hospital and Jin explained to her that she and the baby were going to be find even though she'd been shot. He told her, "it's over, and we're all going to be OK." Sun smiled.Jack walked down the hall as his son wondered how Jack could never have known about his half-sister. Jack stepped into an operating room, looked at Locke's scans and said, "I got this."He went inside and was ready to cut when he recognized Locke's face.Back on the island: Jack made it to shore, where he found Fake Locke waiting. "Nice day for a swim," Fake Locke said. "Sawyer took my boat, didn't he?"Jack confirmed the guess was correct. Sawyer and his group, meanwhile, landed on Hydra and faced a line of armed guards. From behind the group of armed guards, Jin emerged and caught Sun's eye. They ran toward each other and embraced. They told said they loved each other and Sun said she never stopped looking for him. He promised they'd never be apart again. Frank noticed Sun got her voice back. They were both speaking English. The sweet moment came to an abrupt end when Zoe got a command over her radio and had her guards point their guns at Sawyer, Kate, Claire, Hurley and Frank. Sawyer said they had a deal, but Zoe said the deal was off. Zoe told the person on the other end of the radio to "fire when ready" if they had a sight line on Locke. Suddenly, Locke and his group started taking huge missile fire. The first blast sent Jack flying and he was barely conscious. Fake Locke pulled him aside, looked a woozy Jack in the eye and said, "Don't worry. It's going to be OK. You're with me now."Boom.
