Frank the pilot was helming Ajira Airways Flight 316 when things started going haywire and there was a flash of light. The plane lost power and had to crash land on the island. Frank's co-pilot took a tree branch through his chest on impact and didn't survive.One of the passengers, named Caesar, woke up a woman sitting across from him and told her they'd had an accident. Sun saw Frank, but he noticed that everyone else was gone. Ben said, "They're gone." He claimed he didn't know where they went.Thirty years earlier: This is the last scene from two weeks ago, where Jack, Hurley and Kate saw Sawyer. They had some reuniting hugs and Sawyer was surprised Locke was able to bring them back."John's dead," Jack told him.Hurley wondered why Sawyer and Jin were wearing Dharma jumpsuits. Sawyer explained they were in the Dharma Initiative now, and told Jack they went back in time and were now in 1977."Uhh," Hurley said. "What?"Jack was surprised to learn Sawyer and Jin had been there for three years. Kate said it had been three years since they left on the helicopter.Sawyer thought about how he'd get the group back to the village. Jack and Hurley talked about having to find Sayid and Sun, who were also on the plane. Jin took off to find the plane. Sawyer told them not to talk to anyone until he could figure out how to explain where the group came from.Juliet went to a hatch where Miles had a bunch of monitors to see if she could find Sawyer. He did, so she went to find him. Sawyer told Juliet "they're back." She looked shocked and a little sad. While Sawyer said he had to try to explain how they got there, Juliet told him there was a sub coming in that afternoon.Jin went to check the radar logs to see if a plane landed on the island. The worker in the station got sarcastic with Jin, until Jin pushed him up against a wall and told him to check with the other stations.Flash forward?: Sun stood on the beach, with the Ajira plane in the background, holding Jin's wedding band. Frank gathered the rest of the crash survivors and assured everyone that help would come eventually. Caesar asked where they were and Frank said the island wasn't on his charts. Caesar said there were buildings and animal cages, and Ben got up and walked into the jungle. Sun followed.Ben asked Sun why she was following him. She asked where he was going."Back to our island," he said. "Wanna come?"Back to the '70s: Juliet went to get the sub manifest from Amy, the new mom. She held the baby and asked Amy if they'd settled on a name. Amy said they were going to name him Ethan. Ethan!Amy asked Juliet if she and Sawyer would have a baby and Juliet said, "The timing's got to be right."Sawyer gave the group some clothes and told them they had to say they were new recruits who just came in on the sub. He told them to trust him and do what he said.Jin was in the station waiting for word on whether a plane had landed on the island when an alert went off warning of a hostile inside the perimeter. He took off with a gun and found Sayid running through the brush.He quickly asked Sayid where Sun was and Sayid said he didn't know. Then, the other guy from the station showed up and Jin pretended to he didn't know Sayid, forcing him to the ground and telling him, "Say one word and you're dead."The group rode in on the VW bus as Sawyer tried to explain things, including the fact that Faraday had "some interesting theories on what we can and can't do here."They went to check in and Miles came up asking Sawyer what was going on. Then, Miles connected Sawyer with Jin over the walkie talkie. Jin told Sawyer about "the hostile," then whispered to him that it was Sayid.Back in the jungle: Ben and Sun were walking and Sun told Frank the pilot -- who'd found them -- that she was going back to the main island with Ben. Frank questioned her trusting Ben."I have to trust him," she said.Frank was skeptical and Sun suggested he should come with them. Ben started talking to Frank, explaining that he was heading toward a small dock about a half-mile away and suddenly, Sun smacked Ben upside the back of the head with an oar, knocking him out."I thought you trusted this guy," Frank said."I lied," Sun replied.'Welcome to the island' The group watched the Dharma initiation video featuring Dr. Marvin Candle. Jack was the first to get his job assignment. He was going to do janitorial work.Kate had a close call, where she was asked for her name and it wasn't on the manifest. Juliet came in just in the nick of time to hand over a new manifest that included Kate's name on it. They had an awkward faux-introduction where they stared each other down for a moment.Sawyer got a chance to talk to Jin, who explained they'd found Sayid in handcuffs running through the jungle. Radzinsky, the guy from the station, suggested to Sawyer that they shoot Sayid because he'd seen models of another hatch they were planning to build. Sawyer went to Sayid and ordered him to do everything he said, including identifying himself as a hostile.Frank and Sun found the small dock and as they walked toward land in the darkness there was a rustling in the bushes that spooked them. They walked into what looked like an abandoned Dharma village, including a defunct processing center. Suddenly, Christian Shepherd appeared. Sun told him they were looking for Jin and Christian told them to follow him.Christian took them into an abandoned room, where he found old Dharma group photos hanging on the wall, including one from 1977. He told Sun that Jin was with their friends and showed her the group photo, telling her, "You've got a long journey ahead of you."Say, 'Namaste'!: Phil, the Dharma processing guy, was taking the group picture that Sun had been looking at and telling the group to say "Namaste" for the photo. Sawyer pulled up with Sayid in the van and they locked him up in a cell.Jack asked Phil that night in the middle of the village where "James LaFleur" lived. Phil pointed out the house and told Jack not to call him James -- "he hates it." Phil looked slightly suspicious as Jack walked toward the house.Juliet answered the door and she and Jack hugged. Jack thought he had the wrong house because he was looking for Sawyer. He seemed a little surprised when she told him Sawyer was inside.Sawyer explained to Jack that he had to "improvise" on what to do with Sayid. Sawyer said he had to "think about" what to do next. Jack mocked Sawyer for reading a book while he was supposed to be thinking about it. Sawyer said Winston Churchill used to read a book every night because it helped him think. He told Jack he should have thought more when he was calling the shots, rather than just reacting."I got us off the island," Jack said."But here you are," Sawyer said. "Right back where you started."Sawyer said he was going to keep reading and think. "Because that's how I saved your ass today, and how I'll save Sayid's tomorrow."He told Jack to go home and rest and let Sawyer do his thing as the leader. "Ain't that a relief?" Sawyer asked him. Jack said, "Yeah," and left.Standing outside his house, Sawyer looked across the way and saw Kate. They waved at each other and Sawyer went back inside.Phil was watching the station where Sayid was being held when an awkward kid in glasses came inside and had a sandwich with the inmate. The kid looked about 11 or 12 and introduced himself to Sayid, asking him if he was a hostile."Do you think I am?" Sayid said.The kid asked for Sayid's name, and he told him, "Sayid. What's yours?""I'm Ben," the kid said."It's nice to meet you, Ben," Sayid said.Boom.
