Previously on...: Jack found out that his dad and Claire's dad were the same guy. Some lawyers came to Kate's house saying they wanted to do genetic tests on her and Aaron. Some guys attacked Sayid and he lost Hurley. Alpert told Locke the only way to save the island was to get his people back there. Charlotte had a bout of nosebleeds and Daniel Faraday seemed to more about the cause than he was letting on.'I think we should say he's mine': Jack and Kate were on a boat in the dark, wondering what they were "going to do" about Aaron. She suggested to Jack that they should tell people Aaron was her son. Jack didn't seem wild about the idea. He told her about his idea to ask everyone to lie. He said he would turn to her first when presenting the idea. "Are you with me?" he asked her. "I have always been with you," she said.Three years later: Sun was helping Kate get all dolled up to run an errand. When Kate left, Sun got a delivery to her hotel room. She left Aaron alone to open the envelope in private. It was a large file that included photos of Ben and Jack together. There was also a gun hidden inside a box of chocolates.Back on the island: Juliet and Faraday were tending to Charlotte, who was unconscious. Juliet asked Faraday if he knew what was causing Charlotte's condition. He said he thought it might happen to her, claiming the flashes and time jumps were throwing off her internal clock. He said it was like "really bad jet lag." Juliet wondered why it wasn't happening to all of them, and he didn't have a response.'You are going to lose the boy': Kate went to meet with one of the lawyers who wanted blood samples from her and Aaron. She offered to give the blood samples, "but first I want to talk to your client. Considering what you're asking for, I think that's more than reasonable." He said he'd ask his client later, but was pretty sure the answer would be no. He told Kate she was in no position to bargain. He said he could have a sheriff enforce the order for blood samples, but his client insisted on handling the "exchange of custody quietly." He told her to prepare herself for losing Aaron.'I have to make them come back': Locke told Sawyer they needed to get back to The Orchid station, where he could do something to try to bring Jack and the gang back. "I have to make them come back," Locke said. "Even if it kills me."Charlotte woke up and didn't recognize Faraday at first, but then she did. Everyone was relieved things were back to normal, then Sawyer said they were going back to The Orchid.'Ben is on our side': Jack was treating Sayid at the hospital and Sayid became worried about Ben getting to Hurley. Jack tried to convince Sayid Ben was on their side. A hospital administrator came in to talk to Jack and told him he had no business being at the hospital because he was suspended on charges of substance abuse. Jack apologized. Hurley then called Jack from the L.A. County Jail.A guy came in to Sayid's room dressed as a nurse, claiming he had Sayid's meds. Sayid must watch this show a lot, because he knew the guy wasn't really a nurse. When the man tried to surprise Sayid by shooting tranquilizer darts at him, Sayid had slipped off his bed and took the guy down. The man gave up the address of who he was working for, but not before Sayid popped him twice in the chest with the darts. That's when Jack and Ben walked in."Do we know anyone who lives at 42 Panorama Crest?" Sayid asked, reading off the card in the man's pocket."That's Kate's address," Jack said.Jack called Kate and said he needed to meet with her. Jack took off to see her while Ben said he was going to "go deal with Hugo." Sayid said he wasn't letting Ben anywhere near Hurley, so he decided to drive. Ben told Jack to get Kate and meet at the Long Beach Marina, Slip 23. He told him to hurry because they were running out of time.'Do you know when we are?': On the island, Sawyer told Locke it might be tough to get Kate back to the island, because she was pretty excited to leave. They came upon some kind of figure in the dark and Locke said they'd better stay away from it. Faraday asked Locke if he knew "when" they were. Locke didn't say anything and they walked another direction.Miles wiped blood from his nose as they walked and soon they heard a woman screaming in the distance. Sawyer walked toward a clearing and saw that the voices they were hearing were Claire and Kate when Claire was giving birth to Aaron. Sawyer watched from afar as Kate helped Claire through the birth. Sawyer's eyes watered as he watched the scene, then the rumbling and flash of light whisked him away to another time. It was now daytime and Kate and Claire were gone. Locke came up behind him and asked Sawyer if he'd seen something. "It don't matter," Sawyer said. "It's gone now."'Somebody wants Aaron': Jack found Kate, who was in her car staking out a parking garage, and asked her what was going on. She said "somebody wants Aaron." He asked who wants to take Aaron and a car came out of the garage. She got ready to follow the car and told Jack to either come along or stay.Locke knew: Locke asked Sawyer about what he'd seen, because he knew "when" they were earlier. Sawyer didn't say, but asked Locke how he knew when they were. Locke recalled it was the night Boone died and he'd gone to the hatch and started banging on it and a light came up. He said he thought it was something at the time, but it was really just a light.Miles told Faraday about his nosebleed, but he didn't want to make it a big deal and freak out the rest of the group. Miles asked Faraday why he and Charlotte were the ones having the nosebleeds and Faraday said it might something to do with the amount of time they'd spent on the island."I've never been here before two weeks ago," Miles said."Are you sure about that?" Faraday asked. Miles didn't answer.The group got to the beach and the camp was back, but nobody was around. The camp was a wreck, as if it had been abandoned. The Zodiac was gone, too. They noticed a couple of canoes, one of which contained a water bottle with a label from "Ajira Airways." Juliet said it was an airline based out of India.Faraday wondered when the people who came in the boats would come back to the island. "Let's not wait to find out," Locke said, before leading the group in getting one of the canoes into the water. They were taking the canoe around the horn of the island to get to The Orchid.Sawyer told Juliet he'd seen Kate. Just then, gunshots started firing at them from another canoe. They paddled harder and avoided getting hit. Juliet pulled out a shotgun and fired back. Another flash of light whisked them away. "Thank you, Lord," Sawyer shouted, before the flash was complete. They ended up in a monsoon, still in the boat. "I take that back!" Sawyer exclaimed.'It's Claire's mother': Jack and Kate had followed the lawyer all the way to home of his client. That was where they discovered the client was Claire's mother.Jack wanted to talk to Claire's mother to see if he could explain to her why they lied about Aaron. He hoped she would listen to him. "Aaron is my family, too," he said. Kate cried and waited.Jack confessed to Claire's mother that he followed her lawyer. He wanted her to know "that everything that Kate and I have done -- it was for Aaron.""Who's Aaron?" she asked, unclear of what Jack was talking about.Jack asked her why she was in L.A., but we didn't get to hear a response.Jack raced back out to the car and told Kate to call Sun and have her bring Aaron to the Long Beach Marina. He said Claire's mom knew nothing and assumed Claire was dead. She was in L.A. because she's suing Oceanic Airlines."Who is trying to take Aaron -- it's not her," Jack said.'That's my lawyer': Sayid and Ben pulled into a parking garage and had a quick meeting with Dan, the lawyer who was asking Kate for a blood sample and had gone to Claire's mother's apartment.The lawyer said there was no case for murder against Hurley because the medical examiner determined the victim died before Hurley escaped the mental hospital. He said Hurley would be free the next day because the judge wouldn't let the case get past a preliminary hearing."Who was that?" Sayid asked."That's my lawyer," Ben replied.'What's done is done': Once they paddled to shore, Juliet asked Sawyer to tell her what it was like to see Kate again. He said he could have touched her or stepped up and talked to her."Why didn't you?" she asked."What's done is done," he said. Then he noticed some blood coming from Juliet's nose.They found some apparently fresh wreckage that included a box with French writing on it. Cut to some French people in a raft, paddling in the heavy rain when they saw a body floating in the water. They got closer and turned the man over. It was Jin!'He's not your son, Kate': Jack and Kate arrived at the marina before anyone else. She asked why he called. He handed her the card the man who attacked Sayid had, which included her address. She asked why Sayid was there. Jack said that didn't matter and he wanted to focus on getting Kate and Aaron some place safe."Safe from who?" she asked.That's when Ben pulled up.Kate was confused and Jack tried to explain that Ben was with him and was there to help them all."It's him," Kate realized. "He's the one who is trying to take Aaron."Jack tried to deny that, but Ben admitted it was true. "Sorry," he said.Kate asked Ben why he wouldn't stay away and leave her and her son alone."Because he's not your son, Kate," he said.We saw that this exchange was being watched from afar -- by Sun, who had Aaron in the back seat of her car. She grabbed the gun and got out.'I'm Danielle...': Jin woke up on the beach and he wasn't in the best shape, but feeling lucky to be alive. One French woman in the group, in particular, was helping him and giving him water. Another member of the group asked him how long he'd been in the water and why he couldn't explain how he ended up there. Jin had no answers.The woman stood up and we saw she was pregnant. She asked Jin his name and he told her. Then she introduced herself. "I'm Danielle," she said. "Danielle Rousseau."
