The night opened with a 1950's-era girl named Emily defying her mother to go out on a date with a man twice her age. She got hit by a car and was rushed to a hospital, where she told the nurses she was pregnant. She delivered prematurely and wasn't even able to hold her little boy before the nurses rushed him away. She said, "His name is John."Back to the island: The island scene opened on John Locke leading Hurley and Ben on a search for Jacob's cabin. Ben claimed he had no idea where the cabin was and that he was just following Hurley. On the cargo ship, the helicopter arrived with the freighter people Keamy demanded that Sayid tell him where everyone on the island is. Keamy then set out to find out how Ben knew everything about him. He threatened once shipmate who said he wasn't the leak, then he went and tortured Michael, who fessed up, looking Keamy squarely in the eye. Keamy went to shoot Michael, but his gun jammed (that happened when Michael tried to shoot himself, remember?). The shipmate told Keamy they can't kill Michael; he's the only person who can fix the ship's broken engines -- because he broke them.Back on the island: John had a dream that he saw Horace, a man in a Dharma uniform who said he'd been dead for 12 years. He told John, in the dream, that he needs to find him (Horace), "then you'll find him." John woke up, startled, and roused Hurley. Ben just watched silently and said, "I used to have dreams."Back in the past: Emily couldn't bear holding her baby John for the first time and her mother asked the nurse who she should see about adoption. The nurse noticed a man outside the nursery window and asked, "Is that the father," Emily's mom, clearly shaken, claimed she didn't know who it was. It was Alpert, the dude with the thick eyelashes.Back on the island: Locke set out again, but this time it was to get some answers about the Dharma Initiative. He led Hurley to the mass grave where a bunch of Dharma people's skeletons were. When Hurley asked what happened to them, Locke nodded toward Ben and said, "He did."Back in the past: Alpert came over to visit John, now just beyond toddle age and being picked on by his older sister. Alpert told him he runs a school for special kids. Alpert laid out a bunch of items on a table: a book, a knife, a baseball glove, and more. Michael picked up a few items, including the knife. "You sure the knife belongs to you?" Alpert asked him. Little John nodded, and Alpert pulled it from his hands and said, "Well, it doesn't." Alpert rushed out of the house, telling John's mother that John wasn't quiet ready for the school.Back on the island: At the mass grave, Ben told Hurley that was where he was standing when he shot Locke and left him for dead. Ben said it wasn't his decision to kill off the Dharma people. Hurley asked whose decision it was, and Ben said, "Their leaders." Locke found the body of Horace, and pulled a blueprint of the cabin out of his pocket.Back on the ship: Keamy said he wanted to go back to the island, and he didn't want to hear any counter-argument, The captain tried to warn Keamy about a "sickness" that went around while Keamy was on the island. The captain wondered if that was what was happening to Keamy. Keamy thanked him for his concern, then asked for a key to which he had a match. He pulled out a secondary protocol that said they were going to torch the island, and that would leave Ben just one place to go. The captain then agreed to help Sayid and Desmond off the ship, telling them a boat would be in the water.Back on the island: Locke offered to let Hurley out of the quest for the cabin since he no longer needed Hurley to help find the cabin.Back in the past: A teenage Locke was trapped in a locker in high school, and a counselor told him about a summer science camp by a company in Portland (they're not in Portland!). Young Locke passed and told the counselor not to tell him what he can and can't do.Back on the ship: Sayid and Desmond were about to get on the rescue boat to head back to the island, but Desmond refused to go. He said he spent three years on the island was never stepping foot on it again. Sayid got on the small motorized rescue boat and headed toward the island.Back on the island: Locke was working his way toward the cabin and Ben told him that he'd soon discover that being chosen has consequences. "Because destiny, John, is a fickle bitch." That's when Hurley spotted the cabin.Back in the past: Locke was working on his rehab when he was rolled in his wheelchair by a man encouraging him to not give up and to continue believing in miracles because one had happened to him. The man was Matthew Abaddon, the same one who visited Hurley in the psychiatric hospital. He encouraged Locke to go on a walkabout in Australia, and that's how he ended up on Oceanic 815.Back on the ship: Keamy was getting ready for his trip back to the island, but the pilot said he wouldn't fly him. Keamy threatened to kill the pilot, but the pilot called his bluff, saying that if Keamy did kill him he'd never get back to the island. Keamy proceeded to kill the doctor and toss him overboard, which explains why the doctor washed up on the shore last week (remember that whole time-lapse thing around the island). There was a shootout between Keamy and the captain, with the captain losing. The pilot finally agreed to fly Keamy and the gang back to the island, but rushed to roll his satellite phone in something before the takeoff.Back on the beach: Jack was up and out of his tent, against Juliet's advice, when they heard a sound from the distance. It was a helicopter that dropped a bag as it flew overhead. In the bag was the satellite phone the pilot had hidden.Back with Locke: Ben told Locke to enter the cabin alone because "my time is over." He wished Locke luck, and Locke went inside. It was dark and seemingly empty. He saw a man sitting in a chair and asked, "Are you Jacob?" The man said, "No, but I can speak on his behalf." The man was Christian, Jack and Claire's father. Locke said he was there because he was chosen, and Christian said that was right. Jack then saw Claire sitting in the corner, and wondered why she was there. Christian didn't want to clarify all that and said it's best if Locke didn't tell anyone Claire was there. Christian told Locke to ask a question that matters, and Locke said, "How do I save the island?" Viewers didn't get to catch the answer, but Locke emerged a few minutes later, saying Christian wanted him to move the island.
