Previously on...: Sayid shot Young Ben. Alpert took Young Ben, saying he'd never be the same. Old Ben let his daughter be shot and killed. Frank the pilot told Sun that Ben was dangerous. Sun knocked Ben out with an oar.Scene 1, the Others' camp. 'Jacob wanted it done': A man came to Alpert's village on horseback and asked what Alpert had done by saving Ben. Alpert told the man "Jacob wanted it done." Alpert said "the island chooses who the island chooses, you know that." Scene 2, tent interior. The man went and talked to Young Ben, who was recovering in a hut from his gunshot. The man was Charles Widmore.Scene 3, infirmary. Locke woke Old Ben up from his sleep and told him, "Welcome back to the land of the living." Locke said he was alive. Ben was stunned to see Locke alive, even though he knew Locke should be alive. Ben said he'd broken the rules, which was why he was trying to run away to the main island. "I was going back to be judged," Ben said.Locke asked, "By whom?"Ben said, "We don't even have a word for it. But I believe you call it the monster."Scene 4, beach (Ajira plane visible in the distance). People under Ilana's watch are fitting a metal case with wooden carrying arms. Ben offers to help and asks what it is. Ilana says, "We've got it. ....Just some stuff we need to be moved."Scene 5, beach. Caesar (to Ben), "How are you feeling my friend?" "Like someone hit me with an oar." They see Locke in the distant surf. Caesar: "What do you think of him?" "What has he told you?" "He was watching over you. And he said you killed him." "Really? Cause he looks fine to me. You know, I don't remember him from the plane. ...What if he was already here, before we crashed? ...We may be dealing with a man who's dangerously deranged. Then the question is, 'What are you going to do about it?' " Caesar shows Ben the gun he took from the office, and tells him he has his back.Scene 6, jungle. Flashback: Ben, now mid-twenties, crouches behind jungle foliage with a teenage boy named Ethan. Ben goes into a hut, wakes up the young Danielle Rousseau at gunpoint, and steals her baby. Ben says, "Be grateful you're still alive. If you ever follow me, I'll kill you. If you want your child to live, whenever you hear whispers, you run the other way."Scene 7, office. The elephant in the room: Ben shuffled through his old office and found a picture of himself with his so-called daughter, Alex. Locke came in and wanted to talk about "the elephant in the room," the fact that Ben killed Locke. Ben said it was the only way to get Locke back to the island. He said it worked and that he did it because it was in the best interest of the island."I was just hoping for an apology," Locke said, offering to help Ben on his quest to be judged."If everything you've done has been in the best interest of the island," Locke said, "then I'm sure the monster will understand. Let's go."Scene 8, beach. Caesar caught Locke and Ben taking a canoe to head to the main island and even though it looked like Ben was trying to turn Caesar against Locke, Ben ended up shooting Caesar with his own gun (which he'd stolen from Caesar). "Consider that my apology," Ben told Locke.Scene 9, Dharma Initiative dock, decrepit. Locke and Ben got to the main island. Ben told Locke about Sun smacking him with an oar, but said "someone else" hurt his arm. They headed to Ben's old house because Ben said it was the only place he could summon the monster. Locke said he thought Ben was lying about wanting to be judged for breaking the island's rules. Instead, he thought Ben wanted to be judged for killing his daughter.Scene 10, the Others' camp. 'It's a child': Ben brought the crying baby back to camp and Widmore, now older than when Young Ben first met him, was upset with Ben for not killing the "insane" woman. Widmore also said Ben should have killed the baby. Ben defended the baby and kept it.Scene 11, Dharma Initiative barracks, decrepit. Home improvement: Locke asked Ben whose idea it was to move into the old Dharma houses since his people had lived in the jungle before Ben killed off the Dharma folks. Locke said moving into the houses didn't seem like something the island would want. Ben said Locke had no idea what the island wanted. "Are you sure about that?" Locke asked. A light turned on in Ben's old house and a silhouette of a woman walked by the window of Alex's old room. Scene 12, interior. Ben went inside and walked into the room to find Sun. Then Frank walked in and Ben asked what they were doing there. Frank showed Ben the Dharma group photo that included Jack, Kate, Hurley and Sawyer. They told Ben they met Christian, who told them to wait for John Locke. Ben told them Locke was outside. They looked out the window and saw Locke, who waved.Scene 13, interior. The four of them stared at each other and Locke tried to get Sun to believe the impossible -- that he was alive. "I don't know how, I don't know why, but I'm sure there's a reason for it," Locke said. Frank didn't understand any of it and wanted to go back to the plane and get help. Locke told Sun he could help her find Jin. Frank said he was leaving with or without Sun. Locke said they'd get to trying to find Jin after Ben did what he had to do.Scene 14, vault interior. Ben went into a hidden vault-like room and crawled through a narrow tunnel. He came upon some standing water, reached into it and undid apparently something that caused the water to drain. He then said, "I'll be outside."Scene 15, Dharma Initiative yard. Flashback: Ben, now about thirty, pushes Alex on a swing. Richard Alpert comes up, "The sub's about to leave. You don't have to see him off." "Yes, I do."Scene 16, Dharma Initiative dock. At the dock, Ben told a handcuffed Widmore he'd come to say goodbye. Widmore didn't want to leave, but Ben said he'd brought it on himself by regularly leaving the island and having a daughter with an outsider. Ben told Widmore he wouldn't be selfish and would "sacrifice anything to protect this island.""You wouldn't sacrifice Alex," Widmore said.Ben told Widmore that he was the one who wanted Alex dead, not the island."I hope you're right, Benjamin," Widmore said. "Because if you aren't, and it is the island that wants her dead, she'll be dead. And one day, you'll be standing where I'm standing now. You'll be the one being banished, and you'll finally realize that you cannot fight the inevitable."Scene 17, Dharma Initiative barracks porch. 'Dead is dead' Ben went outside and asked Sun where Locke was. She didn't know. Sun told Ben that Jack must have lied about Locke being dead, but Ben said Jack didn't lie. He told her he was sure Locke was dead. Ben said he had no idea what would happen with Locke after returning to the island."I've seen this island do miraculous things," Ben said. "I've seen it heal the sick, but never once has it done anything like this. Dead is dead. You don't get to come back from that, not even here. So the fact that John Locke is walking around this island scares the living hell out of me."Ben hears rustling in the brush and tells Sun, "You may want to go inside, because what's about to come out of that jungle, I can't control." The brush rustles again. Locke steps out through the brush.Scene 18. Locke said if it wasn't going to come to them, they'd have to go it. Ben said he didn't know where it was."I do," Locke said.Locke told Sun he realized how strange it was that he was there, but promised her he was the same man he'd always been. He and Ben set out to find the monster.Scene 19, marina. 'Goodbye, Charles': Ben walked around a marina and called Widmore on a cell phone, telling him he was going to return to the island but was first going to kill Widmore's daughter. He was looking at her. "Goodbye, Charles," Ben said, hanging up the phone and walking toward Penny.Scene 20, jungle. 'I just know': As they walked through the jungle, Ben asked Locke how he knew things about the island that he didn't know. Locke mocked Ben because he didn't like not knowing such things. "Now you know what it was like to be me," Locke said.Ben recognized the place where Locke was bringing him -- the same place he was brought as a child to be healed by the island. It was a wall around a temple.Locke told Ben they weren't going into the temple, they were going under it.Ben asked a favor of Sun. He told her that if she ever got off the island, to find Desmond Hume and "tell him I said I'm sorry.""For what?" she asked."He'll know," Ben said.Ben climbed into the hole in the ground.Scene 21, marina. Ben meets Desmond: Ben approached Penny, who was on the boat in the marina, when Desmond saw him and asked what he was doing there. Ben pulled a gun and shot Desmond. He then moved toward Penny, pointing the gun at her and saying he was there because her father was responsible for his daughter's death. Ben paused for a moment when he saw Desmond and Penny's son, Charlie, and Desmond then tackled Ben and punched him in the face several times before tossing him into the marina.Scene 22, beach. Frank Lapidus returns to the outer island by outrigger. A man runs up to say that Ilana and three others found guns, and that they claim to be in charge. Scene 23, beach. Lapidus approaches Ilana at the metal case. Ilana holds a gun on him and asks "What lies in the shadow of the statue?" When he can't answer, she knocks him down with her rifle butt. She orders him to be tied up, because he's coming with them.Scene 24, cavern. Smoke 'em out: Locke and Ben walked with torches underground and Ben began to tell Locke he was right about why he needed to be judged. He said when Widmore's men came, they gave him a choice to either leave the island or let his daughter die."All I had to do was walk out of the house and go with them," Ben said. "But I didn't do it."Ben said now he had to answer for killing Alex.Ben told Locke he'd meet him outside if he lived, but just as he said the words, the floor collapsed under his feet and he fell into another level below ground. Scene 25, lower cavern. Ben passes heiroglyphs on the walls to an altar with heiroglyphs of an angular smoke monster and the Egyptian god Anubis (god of the dead, half-man and half-jackel). His torch extinguishes. Smoke emanates from a grate. It encircles him. He is swathed in memories of Alex. The smoke pulls away. The torch relights.Alex appears, and Ben apologizes. Her response is ambiguous. She grabs Ben and slams him against a wall. She says, "I know you plan to kill John Locke. I want you to know if you so much as touch him, I will hunt you down and destroy you. You will listen to every word that John Locke says, and you will follow his every order." She disappears after he swears to obey her.Scene 26, cavern. Locke calls, and he drops down a vine for Ben to climb to the cavern. Locke asks what happened. "It let me live," Ben says.END
