Previously on 'Lost': A bunch of crazy stuff went down, Ben's daughter Alex went to a hiding place with Karl and Danielle, but the two of them were shot from out of nowhere and Alex surrendered, but we never saw to whom.On the beach: Kate was applying sun tan lotion on the beach when Jack passed by and waved. He was seen to be holding himself as if in discomfort. He went into the medical supply tent to pop some pills and told Kate he had some kind of a stomach bug and was taking an antibiotic. Kate was worried that Sayid and Desmond weren't back from the boat yet, but Jack said his gut says they're getting off the island. Just then, Vincent's barking and Bernard's yelling called attention to a body washed up on shore. It was the doctor from the freighter off shore.Code 14-J: Sawyer, Hurley and Locke were engaged in some heated talk about death and attack strategies, but it turned out they were playing a game of "Risk." That's when the phone rang and things got less playful. Alex, now a hostage of some faceless but heavily armed dudes in fatigues, was instructed to turn off the security fence. She dialed up some numbers that she said turned off the fence, but it also rang a phone in the house where Locke, Sawyer, Hurley, and Ben were. Locke answered and heard a recorded message, "Code 14-J." When he told Ben about it, Ben grabbed a firearm and said they had to leave to the other house. "They're here," he said....On a horse with no name: Somewhere else in time, Ben woke up in the middle of the Sahara Desert wearing a Dharma parka, jeans and long sleeves. When a couple of locals came at him pointing guns, he busted out some "Matrix"-style moves to take them both out and rode off on one of their horses.Back on the island: Ben worried that they were running out of time before "they" invaded. Before Sawyer went off to look for Claire, Ben told Sawyer and Locke that he had sent Alex, Rosseau, and Karl off the previous day. Ben warned Sawyer not to go off but he ignored him and searched for Claire.Back on the beach: While discussing the dead doctor, Jack asked Daniel when was the last time he saw the doctor. Daniel cryptically answered, "When? When is kind of a relative term." Juliet asks Daniel if he's had any luck fixing the SAT-Phone. Daniel says "no" and tells them what he would need to repair it. Bernard asks some knowing questions that gives Jack an idea and he calls Bernard to the side as Kate takes Daniel to where there were some savalved wreckage parts that could help them send a signal in code to the boat.Back to the future: Ben ambled around Tunisia on Oct. 24, 2005, and saw Sayid on the news saying, "I just want to bury my wife in peace."Back on the island: Ben, Locke, Hurley, and Aaron were in the other house. They fortified the house in preparation for the mysterious attack.The assault began while Sawyer was stuck outside looking for Claire, and even though anyone who walked outside seemed to get popped with a single shot, Sawyer eluded gunfire no matter where he ran or how exposed he was.
Sawyer found Claire, who was shaken up after her house was bombed. She opened her eyes after being knocked out by the blast and asked "Charlie?" to a concerned Sawyer. He brought her back to the safe house and managed to get in after Hurley threw an ottoman through a window to let him in. Sawyer wondered what they wanted, and considered throwing Ben to them. Miles, from the boat, rang the doorbell and came in with a radio saying the attackers wanted to talk.Back in the desert: Ben, seemingly following Sayid around at this point, took pictures from a rooftop of a bald man drinking coffee before Sayid's wife's funeral procession came down the street. Sayid spotted him and questioned Ben about how he got off the island and why he was there. Ben said he was there to find the man who murdered Sayid's wife. He showed Sayid the picture of the bald man and told Sayid that he was photographed by a traffic camera three blocks away from where Nadia (Sayid's wife) was killed. Ben said Charles Widmore was behind the murder.And back to the island: Ben refused to talk to the attackers until Miles told him they have his daughter as a hostage. The man Ben talked to said his name was Martin Keamy, an employee of Charles Widmore. Martin wanted Ben to come out of the house and promised that if he did no one else would get hurt. Martin then threatened to kill Alex and held her at gunpoint. Ben, out of negotiating tools, claimed that Alex wasn't really his daughter, called her a pawn and said she means nothing to him. Those were the last words she heard as Martin shot her in the back of the head as Ben watched, stunned. As Sawyer and Locke debated what to do next, Ben eerily said, "They changed the rules" and walked into a secret room in the house.The bald guy: Back in the future, Ben watched the bald guy from across a bar before the man got up and walked away. Ben followed him, but ended up having the man sneak up from behind him. Just in the nick of time, Sayid shot the man before he shot Ben. Ben tried to convince Sayid to walk away and mourn his loss, saying this was not his war. Sayid insisted he had nothing left in life and asked Ben, "Who's next?" Ben said, "I'll be in touch," before walking away with a hint of a smile coming across this face. And that's how Sayid became Ben's hired gun.Smoke monster on command?: Back on the island, Ben emerged from the secret room slightly covered in dirt and told everyone to run outside on his command and toward the tree line. Seconds later, the house began to shake and a snake-like version of the smoke monster ripped through the compound like a freight train. It picked off a bunch of the attackers. When it seemed the coast was clear, Ben told the group to run toward the trees. He stayed for a moment to say goodbye to Alex.Cracked code: Daniel got a signal working on the broken satellite phone, but it was just enough to send Morse code messages to the boat. He asked what happened with the doctor, and claimed that the boat's response didn't say anything about the doctor but that the Losties' friends were fine and the helicopter's coming in the morning. Bernard said Daniel was lying and that the message really said, "What are you talking about? The doctor is fine." Daniel looked at Bernard and said, "You know Morse Code." That's why Jack had earlier pulled Bernard aside, sensing that he knew something about the code. Jack pressed Daniel for answers and asked if they're ever going to get off the island. "No," he said. Jack doubled over in pain and held his side. Kate tried to help but Jack waved her away as he walked off.In the jungle: Ben returned from the compound. Locke called Ben out on the fact that Ben once said he didn't know what the smoke monster was. Ben said Locke could ask Jacob about it at the cabin. Sawyer, fed up, decided to leave Locke's group and go back to the beach with Claire, Aaron, and Miles. He wanted to take Hurley, but Locke wouldn't let him because they needed Hurley to help them find Jacob's cabin. After a standoff with guns involved, Hurley said he'd go with Locke and Ben. Off they went.London calling: Ben, now in London, worked his way into Charles Widmore's apartment building by smooth talking the doorman. Ben made his way to the penthouse and woke Widmore from his sleep. Widmore said he was wondering when Ben would show up, and if Ben was going to kill him, but Ben told Widmore, "We both know I can't do that." Ben said he was there because Widmore killed his daughter, Ben once again using the phrase, "You changed the rules." Widmore said Ben should blame himself for Alex's death. Ben said he was there to tell Widmore that he is going to kill his daughter, Penelope. Widmore claimed the island is his, it was before and it will be again, but Ben told Widmore he'd never find it.
