Previously on...: Kate's backstory, Sawyer whispered into Kate's ear before jumping out of the helicopter when they were leaving the island; and Kate was going to lose custody of Aaron. Sayid met young Ben, who wanted to escape with Sayid, who shot little Ben and ran into the jungle.Sayid, the hostile: Jin told Phil over the radio on the island that Sayid was headed north. He knew, "because he attacked me." Jin rolled Young Ben over and, despite having been shot in the chest, Young Ben was still alive and asking for help.Horace was doing a Tommy Lee Jones-like gathering of the locals to prepare for chasing down Sayid. Horace said he was pretty sure the hostile used the enflamed van as a diversion. Jack piped up and asked how he could start the fire if he was locked up. Horace said someone in the village must have helped Sayid because the cameras didn't pick up anyone on the perimeter.Kate got a little friendly with Roger Linus, Ben's dad. "It's nice to meet you, Roger," she said. Jin came back with Young Ben and Roger panicked, shouting, "That's my kid!"Flashback: Kate drove up to a house, holding Aaron, and Cassidy opened the door. She asked what Kate was doing there and she said, "Sawyer sent me."Kate gave Cassidy an envelope full of money and said Sawyer wanted Cassidy to take care of Clementine, their daughter. Kate said she thought Clementine had a right to know that her father cared. Kate explained that Sawyer didn't come back because he jumped off the helicopter to help the others escape.Cassidy said Sawyer was a coward and he jumped off the helicopter to get away from Kate. She said the money probably wasn't his, and Kate started to explain about the settlement after the crash and how she didn't need all the money."You've got the same look on your face I did when he ditched me," Cassidy said. "All I have for you is sympathy."She asked Kate if Aaron was Sawyer's kid and Kate said, "No, I was pregnant before I met him." Cassidy knew Aaron wasn't really Kate's baby. She asked Kate why she was lying about Aaron."Because I have to," she said.Back on the island: Sawyer was checking security tapes and Kate told Sawyer she knew the kid that was shot was Ben. She asked what was going on when Horace walked in and Sawyer pretended he was just asking her if she'd seen anything suspicious. Horace and Sawyer saw the key inSayid's cell door and knew someone let him out. Horace said there were only three janitors: Roger, Willie and "that new guy" Jack. Sawyer took Miles to go talk to Jack. Sawyer told Miles to find Jack, Kate and Hurley and put them in a house so they wouldn't talk to anyone.Sawyer waited outside the clinic where Juliet was operating on Ben. He asked Roger for his keys and he didn't have them. Juliet told Sawyer things were "not alright," and she told him Ben needed a real surgeon. Sawyer left.Miles told Jack and crew they were under house arrest. Hurley wondered if he could disappear, like in "Back to the Future." He said that if Ben died, and since Ben was the reason they all came back to the island, that they might no longer exist. Miles said that was stupid because they can't change anything in the past. Whatever happened, happened. So if Ben was alive years later, then that meant he wasn't going to die in the past.Sawyer came in and asked Jack to help save Ben. Jack said no. Sawyer said that if Jack didn't help, the kid could die. "Then he dies," Jack said.Kate told Jack he should save Ben because he might be meant to save him. Jack said he'd already operated on Ben once for Kate, he wasn't going to do it again. He wondered if maybe the island just wanted to fix things itself, "and maybe I was just getting in the way." Kate said she didn't like the new Jack, she liked the old Jack, who wouldn't just sit around and wait for things to happen. "You didn't like the old me, Kate," Jack said. Kate walked out.Kate went to volunteer to give Ben blood, then she told Juliet that she and Jack were engaged after they got off the island. Roger realized Ben stole his keys and he told Kate that Ben did it "because of me." Roger said he thought he'd be best dad ever, but it didn't work out after Ben's mom died. "A boy just needs his mother, I guess." Ben went into some kind of shock.Miles explained the time continuum to Hurley, saying that when Ben turned the wheel time stopped moving in a straight line. But Hurley threw Miles for a loop when he asked why Older Ben wouldn't have remembered getting shot by Sayid -- the same guy who tortures him in the future.Juliet and Kate were worried about Ben and Juliet finally suggested, "Maybe there's something they can do." Kate asked who "they" were, and Juliet said, "The others."Juliet and Kate loaded Young Ben into the VW bus, but Kate did it on her own so that Juliet wouldn't get in trouble. Juliet said that she'd have to tell Sawyer what happened, but she'd give Kate as much of a head start as she could.Back on the dock: Kate yelled at Jack after realizing that the plan was to get everyone back to the island. As they drove, Aaron wanted to stop for milk, but then changed his mind and asked for a juice box. When they walked through the store, Kate lost track of Aaron. She ran through the store looking for him, and found a woman talking with him. She grabbed him and held him close.Back on the island: Kate drove the VW bus and approached the security gate. She saw another blue bus approaching. It was Sawyer. He said he wasn't there to stop her, he was there to help her.Thank you for being a friend: Kate went to Cassidy's house -- they'd apparently formed quite the friendship -- and told Cassidy about going back to the island. She told Cassidy she lost Aaron in the supermarket. She said that as scared as she was, she wasn't surprised. She wondered why she would expect him to be taken. "Because you took him, Kate,"Cassidy said.Kate tried to explain that Claire was gone and Aaron needed her. But Cassidy said Kate needed Aaron. "Sawyer was gone," Cassidy said. "How else were you supposed to fix it?"Back on the island: Kate asked Sawyer why he was helping her, and he said it was for the same reason Kate was helping Ben. Because no matter what Ben would grow up to be, they couldn't let a kid die. Sawyer said he was doing it for Juliet.Juliet stormed into the house where the group was staying and demanded to talk to Jack. She was mad at him for not helping save "that kid." He said "that kid is Ben." Jack said he came back to the island to save them."We didn't need saving," she said. "You came back for you."Jack said he came back because he supposed to, but he didn't know why yet. "Well, you better figure it out," Juliet said.Sawyer and Kate carried Young Ben through the jungle toward The Others.Kate told Sawyer she took care of his daughter, just like he asked her to. He asked what Clementine was like. Kate told Sawyer aboutCassidy's "interesting theory" about why he jumped off the helicopter. "Me and you wouldn't have worked out, Kate," he said. "I wasn't any more fit to be your boyfriend than I am to be that little girl's father."Some of The Others approached with guns and Sawyer demanded that they take him, Kate and Young Ben to Alpert.'I know who you are': Kate knocked on a door and Carole Littleton, Claire's mother, answered the door. Kate introduced herself and Carole said, "I know who you are."Kate told Carole that Aaron was her grandson, then she told her that Claire was alive. She explained the story about the lie and the fact that Claire disappeared on the island. She explained why she lied about being Aaron's mother.
"Because I needed him," Kate said. "I'm sorry."A tearful Kate said she knew it was a lot to handle, but when Carole was ready, she could take Aaron. Kate told Carole that she'd already explained to Aaron that his grandmother would be taking care of him. She said she was leaving."Where are you going?" Carole asked."I'm going back," Kate said, "to find your daughter."Back on the island: Sawyer and Alpert met in the jungle. Alpert immediately recognized Young Ben. Kate asked Alpert to save Ben's life."If I take him, he's not ever going to be the same again," Alpert said. "He'll forget that this ever happened and his innocence will be gone. He will always be one of us. You still want me to take him?"Kate said, "Yes."As Alpert took Ben, one of his men told him he shouldn't do that without checking with Ellie, "and if Charles finds out...""He won't find out," Alpert said. "And I don't answer to either of them."Kate asked where they were taking him. She got no answer. Alpert carried Ben away, through a door of a building that had tree branches growing all over it.There seemed to be a hint of a flash of light when Alpert walked in.With no reference to a time change, Old Ben woke up and saw Locke sitting over him."Hello, Ben," Locke said. "Welcome back to the land of the living."Boom.
