Previously on...: We and everyone else discovered the island was moving through time. Faraday got in touch with Desmond while he was still on the island and told him to find his (Faraday's) mother at Oxford. But Desmond's memory ended before Faraday said her name.'Are you the doctor?' Desmond went running through an island village looking for a doctor and when he found one, they went back to their boat, where Penny was in labor. "It's a boy!" Flash forward to the kid being a few years older and sitting on the yacht, where Desmond told the kid about a "very special island" in the distance. "It's called Great Britain," Desmond said. Penny wasn't too keen on their return to the U.K., for fear that her father, Charles Whidmore, would know they were around. Desmond said he had to look for Faraday's mother because he was the only person who could save everyone on the island.Back on the island: Miles, Faraday and Charlotte and a few other people were trudging through the jungle looking for Sawyer and the rest of the crew. Charlotte was complaining of a headache, dizziness and double vision. Faraday looked concerned but assured her that nothing was going to happen to her. They got to a creek where they were all supposed to meet and booby-trapped explosions went off. Suddenly, they were surrounded by people with guns. One girl with a gun asked Miles who was in charge and he pointed at Faraday. The girl walked over to him, looked at him and said, "Just couldn't stay away, could you?"'Why now?' Penny questioned why Desmond had to go to Oxford now, why he didn't remember Faraday's plea earlier and he couldn't explain it. He promised he'd be done with all the island business forever once this was done. She asked him to promise he'd never go back to the island. "Why in God's name would I ever want to go back there?" he asked.Back on the island: The girl with the gun wanted to know where the rest of the crew was and Faraday said he didn't know. Somewhere (or sometime) else on the island, Locke, Sawyer and Juliet were holding two uniformed men at gunpoint, trying to figure out who the guys were. They weren't speaking, until they started whispering to each other in Latin. Juliet spoke with them. Locke asked how they knew how to speak Latin. "Same reason I do," Juliet said. "Because they're Others."Miles had a vision of four U.S. soldiers buried in the ground they were walking on. They'd been dead just under a month -- three shot, one dead of radiation poisoning. Faraday asked if any of them happened to mention what year it is. Miles didn't answer. They came upon a village where Richard Alpert emerged. Alpert told Faraday, "I assume you've come back for your bomb."Oxford Blues: Desmond went to Oxford, but they had no record of Faraday. He knew he'd visited Faraday there before, but didn't know when that was. Desmond slipped into a room that had apparently been sealed for fumigation. He went inside and saw some familiar items, including a picture of Faraday and a red-haired woman and the mouse maze he'd seen Faraday use before. A man walked in and told Desmond he wasn't the first one to poke around asking about Faraday's work. The man told Desmond to tell his friends all he found was rubbish. Desmond wondered why the university had no record of Faraday. "Can you blame them?" the man asked, "After what he'd done to that poor girl." Back on the island: Alpert continued to blame Faraday for attacking the island's people and Faraday went ahead and piggy-backed on the story about the hydrogen bomb, saying they were scientists who were there to recover it. He'd noticed radiation burns on one guy's hands and said the housing of the bomb was compromised. Alpert asked how he knew Faraday wouldn't just detonate the bomb as part of a suicide mission. "Because I'm in love with the woman sitting next to me," he said, referring to Charlotte. "And I would never do anything to hurt her." Alpert believed him.Somewhere else on the island, one of the uniformed men told Locke "the rest of your people are either captured or dead." Juliet told the guy, in Latin, that they weren't enemies. She asked him to take the group to their camp. She mentioned Richard Alpert's name, which kind of freaked everyone out. The guy agreed and started telling them directions to the camp, but the other uniformed man attacked him and broke his neck and ran into the jungle. Sawyer told Locke to shoot the guy running away, but he hesitated. Sawyer asked why Locke didn't shoot and Locke said, "Because, he's one of my people."'You must come in': Desmond knocked on a door and asked for Theresa Spencer. Her sister, Abigail, had answered and let him in after he mentioned Daniel Faraday's name. He walked into a room where Teresa was lying in a hospital bed. "He didn't tell you, did he?" Abigail explained that Theresa was "away right now." She explained that Theresa sometimes wakes up and thinks she's 3. "Yesterday she was talking to our dad," she said. "He died five years ago." Desmond said he had to leave and Abigail said Daniel, too, abandoned her and fled to the States. She said she didn't know what they would have done if weren't for Mr. Whidmore. She said Whidmore was Faraday's benefactor, who funded all his research.Back on the island: Daniel told Charlotte he meant what he said when he told Alpert he was in love with her. Faraday was taken off to see the hydrogen bomb. Alpert told Faraday that a month earlier they found 18 American soldiers on the island and, despite offering them a chance to leave peacefully, he was forced to kill them. Just then, the uniformed guy came running into the village. He explained to Alpert that he ran to the village after escaping his captors. He told Alpert "their leader is some sodding old man. What, you think he can track me? You think he knows this island better than I do?" Cut to Locke looking at the camp from the distance and watching their every move.Locke was interested in catching up with Alpert, who had been about to tell him how he could save everyone when they'd been interrupted by a flash of light. Sawyer wanted to go save Faraday, who he saw being walked out of the camp at gunpoint. Ellie, the girl with the gun, walked Faraday out to the bomb, which was massive and hanging precariously on a platform several feet above the ground.Faraday inspected the bomb and saw it was leaking. He said they needed to fill the crack with lead or concrete and bury the bomb. He said it would be fine and she asked how he could be so sure. "Because 50 years from now, this island is still here," he said. He had to explain that he and his friends were visiting from 50 years from now. Sawyer showed up with a gun pointed at Ellie and she dropped her gun. "Are they from the future, too?" Ellie asked. Sawyer couldn't believe Faraday told her.Widmore and Me: Desmond barged into Widmore's office and demanded information without offering to answer any of Whidmore's questions. Desmond asked where he could find Faraday's mother. Desmond said he knew Widmore funded Faraday's research. Widmore asked Desmond if his daughter was safe because he hadn't seen her in three years. "Where's Faraday's mother?" Desmond asked, ignoring the question about Penny. Whidmore gave up Faraday's mother's address in Los Angeles. "I suspect she won't be pleased to see you," Widmore said, "she's a very private person." Widmore told Desmond to deliver his message to Faraday's mom, "then get out of this mess." He told Desmond not to put Penny's life in danger. Widmore said Desmond was getting himself involved "with something that goes back many, many years. It has nothing to do with you or my daughter." Desmond thanked him for the advice and left.Back on the island: Locke went to Alpert's camp shouting Alpert's name and demanding to see him. The uniformed guy from earlier asked Locke who he was and eventually pointed a gun at him, trying to get him to stop shouting out for Alpert. Alpert came out and asked Locke who he was. Locke told Alpert his name. "Is that supposed to mean something to me?" Alpert asked. "Jacob sent me," Locke replied.Alpert told the uniformed kid to put the gun down, but the kid objected, questioning why Alpert believed Locke. "I said put the gun down, Whidmore," Alpert said."Your name is Widmore?" Locke asked. "Charles Widmore?""What's it to you?" the kid said. "Nothing," Locke said. "It's nice to meet you."Little Charlie: Desmond came back to the yacht to see Penny, who asked if he'd found Faraday's mom. Desmond claimed Faraday's mom died a few years ago, but Penny knew he was lying. He admitted he knew she was in Los Angeles. He told Penny "this was a mistake." He said "it's not our problem anymore" and promised her he'd forget anything else he remembered from his time on the island. "You're my life now," he said. "You and Charlie," he added, pointing toward their kid. He told her he wouldn't leave her again. "Not for this," he said. "Not for anything."She told he'd never forget it, "so I guess we're going with you."Back on the island: Locke tried to convince Alpert that they had met before, but Locke told Alpert that he (Locke) was the Others' leader. He said their meeting hasn't happened yet. Locke wanted Alpert to tell him how to get off the island, because he told him he had something important to do once he was off the island. Alpert told Locke the year was 1954, and Locke suggested that Alpert go visit him in two years, when he's born. The rumbling started and despite Locke pleading with Alpert to tell him how to get off the island, the flash of light came before he said anything. Locke soon found himself in some open space on the island near Sawyer, Juliet, Faraday, Miles and Charlotte, who suddenly became woozy and collapsed. Her nose was bleeding.
