Previously on...: Faraday saw Desmond on the island and told him to go find his mother at Oxford University. Ben was told to get all of the Lost refugees back to the island. Ben went to kill Penelope and shot Desmond.'My son is Daniel Faraday': Desmond was rushed to the hospital and Penelope waited. Eloise showed up at the hospital and told Penelope she was afraid it was her son's fault Desmond had been shot. "My son is Daniel Faraday," she said.Thirty Years Earlier: Faraday told Miles "this is why I'm here," and showed him a picture of the Losties in the group Dharma photo. Faraday rushed to Jack's house and asked to know how he got the group back to the island. Jack told Faraday it was his mom who sent them back. Faraday asked how she convinced them. "Did she tell you it's your destiny?" Faraday asked, sarcastically."Yes, as a matter of fact," Jack said."Well, I've got some bad news for you, Jack. You don't belong here at all," Faraday said. "She was wrong."Faraday's youth: A young Faraday played the piano like a virtuoso and his mom said she loved it. "It was beautiful, Daniel," she said. She asked him if he knew what destiny was, and explained that it means when someone has a special gift it has to be nurtured. She said his gift was his mind, which was for science and mathematics, and it was her "job" to keep him on his path. "So, unfortunately, there's no more time for distractions," she said.He said he wanted to keep playing the piano. "I can do both," he said. "I can make time." (Get it?!)"If only you could," his mom said, closing the cover over the piano keys.Back on the island: Faraday rushed off to The Orchid station while Jack asked him to explain what he meant about his mom being wrong.Jack went and told Sawyer that Faraday was back. Sawyer, then, told Jack everything about Phil finding the surveillance tape and showed him where Phil was, bound and with his mouthed taped shut in a closet in Sawyer's house.Faraday waited for Dr. Chang to show up at the still-under-construction Orchid station. When Chang arrived, Faraday ran inside. Faraday looked at some diagrams before he noticed (in the scene we saw earlier in the season 5 opening) Chang telling a worker not to drill any further for fear he'd release "that energy," and if that were to happen, "God help us all." Faraday put on a hard hat and pretended to be a worker. He went toward the wall where the drilling was happening and saw an unconscious man being taken on a stretcher with a bloody nose. Another worker asked Faraday if he "heard that." "Time travel," the man said. "How stupid does that guy think we are?"Faraday went and re-introduced himself to Chang (they'd met three years earlier). He asked Chang to order the evacuation of every man, woman and child on the island. He said the man was unconscious because of the electromagnetic activity being released there. He said the same thing was going to happen at the Swan station, and the energy there was 30 times stronger. Change laughed it off and asked Faraday what could possibly qualify him to make that kind of prediction."I'm from the future," Faraday said.Chang was upset, thinking Faraday was having fun at his expense because he'd heard him talking about time travel. Faraday showed Chang his drawings, and told Chang that Miles was his son. "Is this true?" Chang asked Miles. Miles said, "No."Faraday told Miles he was just making sure his father would do what he was supposed to do. Miles asked what that was and Faraday said, "You'll see."Back at Oxford: On his graduation day from Oxford, Faraday wanted to introduce his mom to his girlfriend, Teresa, and she wasn't interested in meeting the girl. She asked to take Faraday to lunch alone. At lunch, she told him to focus his energies at work. She told him the women in his life "will only be terribly hurt."He asked what he had to do -- when his work would be enough. He told her about a 1.5 million-pound research grant he received from "some industrialist" named Charles Whidmore. She said she didn't want to fight, and came to congratulate him. She handed him a wrapped gift box. He opened it and saw a leather-bound journal, inscribed, "No matter what, remember I will always love you. Mother."Back on the island:Sawyer told everyone the "party's over." He said the last thing he wanted to do was leave, but "we've got no choice." He said they had two options: commandeer the sub and get off the island, or go back into the jungle and "start from Square 1."Jin wasn't leaving the island if there was any chance Sun was still there. Hurley didn't want to leave after all the work it took to get there. Their vote was interrupted by a knock on the door. It was Faraday. Sawyer Miles if Faraday was "still crazy?" Miles said it was on a whole new level.Faraday wanted to know where he could find the hostiles. He said one of them was his mother, "and she is the only person on this island who can get us back to where we belong."That missing plane: Faraday watched the news about Oceanic Flight 815 having crashed and was crying, but he didn't know why. Whidmore arrived at his house. Faraday apologized for not remembering him, saying he had a condition that affects his memory. Whidmore told him they'd never met, but Faraday remembered Whidmore's name from the research grant. Faraday cried and said he "tested it" on himself first and "would never hurt Teresa." Whidmore said he wanted to offer Faraday a new opportunity.Faraday cried more when he saw the image of the Oceanic plane in the ocean on TV. Whidmore told Faraday the plane was a fake, "an elaborate, expensive fake." Whidmore said he put it there. Whidmore told Faraday that the next day he wouldn't remember what he just told him.Whidmore told Faraday the island would show him remarkable things, and more importantly, "it will heal you." He promised it would heal his mind, and that was necessary because his tremendous gift shouldn't go to waste. "You sound like my mother," Faraday said. "That's because we're old friends," Whidmore told him.Back on the island: Faraday tried to explain to Sawyer that his mother was Ellie, from 1954, and she could get them back where they belong. Sawyer wanted to know what Faraday was up to, and Jack said they should go with Faraday because "we don't belong here.""I belonged here just fine until you showed up, doc," Sawyer said.Jack asked Kate if she knew where the hostiles were. Sawyer told Kate not to say anything, and Jack said she could say what she wanted. While they waited for Kate to speak, Juliet chimed in, "The code for the fence is 141717. You should take Daniel. It's over, here, for us, anyway."Sawyer was stunned and Kate said, "OK, let's go."Faraday asked Miles to drive them, but Miles instead tossed him the keys to the van."When you've realized you've made a mistake, we'll be back at the beach, where we started," Sawyer told them as they left. Then Sawyer told Juliet, Hurley and Miles to pack because their time there was done.Faraday was distracted for a moment when he saw a little red-headed girl on a swing. She said, with a British accent, "I'm not allowed to have chocolate before dinner." He promised not to tell. She said her name was Charlotte. He asked her if she knew Dr. Chang, and told her to leave when Dr. Chang tells everyone to get off the island. He cried as he told her he tried to avoid telling her because he didn't think he could change things. "But maybe I can," he said.Jack, Kate and Faraday were getting guns when Radzinsky caught them and a firefight broke out. They managed to escape in a Jeep amid a hail of gunshots and Radzinsky yelled to someone to "sound the alarm."Back at the piano: An older Faraday was at home playing the piano and struggling to remember how to do it when his mother arrived. She said she would have called but, Faraday finished her sentence, "I would've forgot anyway."She said she came to tell him it was important that he accept Whidmore's offer. He said he didn't want to do that scientific work anymore. She told him it could be true the island could make him better."Will it make you proud of me?" he asked her."Yes, Daniel," she said. "It will.""Then I'll do it," he said.Back on the island: Jack, Kate and Faraday rolled up to the pylons and Kate entered the code while Jack treated a gunshot injury Faraday got. Faraday told Jack they couldn't be so naive as to think nothing could happen to them. "Any one of us can die, Jack," he said.They went into the hostile territory and Jack said, "There's no turning back now."Sawyer told Juliet he should've listen to her when "those yahoos" first showed up. An alarm went off and everyone saw Radzinsky walking around with a gun drawn. He came to Sawyer's house and told him what happened, saying, "we've been infiltrated."Sawyer told him to calm down, but then there was a noise from somewhere else in the house. Radzinsky went to the closet and found Phil there. Radzinsky turned his gun on Sawyer and Juliet and told them to get down on the ground.Welcome to the jungle: Jack, Kate and Faraday trudged through the jungle and took a break. Jack asked Faraday why his mom was wrong, why they didn't belong there. Faraday explained that in about four hours, the workers at the Swan station were going to drill into the ground and accidentally tap into a massive pocket of energy. The release of that energy would be catastrophic, so they were going to have to cement the entire area in, like Chernobyl. The containment would eventually become the hatch."Because of this one accident, these people are going to spend the next 20 years keeping the energy at bay by pressing a button," Faraday said. "A button that your friend Desmond will one day fail to push, and that will cause your plane, Oceanic 815, to crash on this island."He explained that because of the plane crash, his freighter will come to the island, and the entire chain of events would start.Faraday reiterated that you can't change the past. But he realized he'd spent so much time focused on the constants, he forgot about the variables. The variables were them."We can change our destiny," Faraday said. He thought he could negate the energy under the swan. If he could, the plane would land, just like it's supposed to, in Los Angeles."And just how do you plan on destroying this energy?" Kate asked."I'm going to detonate a hydrogen bomb," Faraday said.Back at the hospital: Eloise apologized to Penelope, saying her husband had become "a casualty in a conflict that's bigger than him, that's bigger than any of us." Eloise said that, for the first time, she didn't know what was going to happen next.A nurse told Penelope Desmond was in the recovery room, doing fine. She went to see him and said she thought she lost him."I promised you, Penny, I'd never leave you again," Desmond said.As Eloise left the hospital, Whidmore came up behind her and asked if Desmond was alright. Eloise said Desmond was fine and told Whidmore that Penny was inside and he should go say hello. Whidmore said he couldn't because his relationship with his daughter was something he had to sacrifice."Sacrifice?" Eloise said. "Don't you talk to me about sacrifice, Charles. I had to send my son back to the island, knowing full well...""He was my son, too, Eloise," Whidmore said, cutting her off.She slapped him and left.Back in the jungle: Kate told Jack that Faraday's idea was "insane.""We disappeared off a plane in mid-air and ended up in 1977," Jack said. "I'm getting kind of used to insane."They came upon a hostiles village and Faraday said, "Wish me luck," and went in.He fired two gunshots and told everyone to back off, demanding to speak to Eloise. Alpert came out and said she wasn't there."Do we know each other?" Alpert asked Faraday.Then Faraday asked Alpert where the hydrogen bomb was, the one he told Alpert to bury. Faraday held Alpert at gunpoint and threatened to shoot. Suddenly, Faraday was shot from behind -- by Eloise.Lying on the ground, gasping for air, Faraday looked up at Eloise and said, "You knew. You always knew ... this was going to happen, and you sent me anyway.""Who are you?" she asked him.He struggled to speak, uttering, "I'm your son."
