The scene begins with Jack (Matthew Fox) opening his eyes to find himself lying down in what appears to be a jungle of a sort. He regains his consciousness and finds out that the plane from Sydney to Los Angelis which he'd boarded had crashed on this island and there is chaos to be seen everywhere. He rushes to help people wherever he could.We are introduced to various characters of the story. Claire (Emily de Ravin) is eight-months pregnant. Jack saves her and Hurly from a falling plane vane and asks Hurly to stay with Claire. Jack then goes a bit deeper into the jungle and takes his shirt off. He's had a cut below his ribcage. He spots Kate (Evengaline Lilly) passing by and asks her whether she'd any experience of sewing in the past. On which she says she'd made drapes in the home. Jack says that'd be enough skill to sew his wound. She protests at first but helps him out anyway.Michael is trying to comfort his son Walt out of the shock of the plane crash. Jin (Daniel Dae) tells her wife Sun (Yunjin Kim) never to lose sight of him and that she should follow him wherever he goes as a safety measure.Jack is examining a person when Kate asks him whether he would survive. Jack asks her if she knew the man. She tells him half truth that he was sitting next to her in the plane. (He is the officer who had Kate handcuffed and was bringing her back to Los Angeles.) Jack says he'd blacked out when the plane crashed and Kate says she didn't. She saw the whole thing as to how exactly the plane had crashed. She says when the plane broke, the tail end part of it broke off and fell somewhere else and she couldn't bring herself to look back at it. And then she says the front end also broke off. Jack tells her that neither the front end or the tail end is on the beach. That means the passengers who were sitting only in the middle part of the plane crashed on the same part of the island as they did. Jack says they need to find the cockpit and if it's intact they might be able to find the transceiver, which they would use to send out a signal and help the rescue team find their location.In the next scene, in the night, everyone witnesses strange sounds & voices and some movements behind the weeds in the jungle. They keep wondering about it not being able to imagine what it could be.The next day, Jack, Charlie and Kate head off to their expedition to find out the front part of the plane. Eventually they do it so. They see one of the pilots is still alive. Jack tells him that it's been sixteen hours since their crash. The pilot informs Jack that their radio went down six hours in and they had turned back to land in Fiji. But by the time they hit turbulence they were thousand miles off course. So, if anyone might be looking out for them, they were looking in the wrong place.They find the transceiver in the cockpit. But before they would have any use for it, they hear a mysterious and apparently, frightening sound from outside the plane. They get scared wondering about it. Jack tries to look outside through the glass window. The frightening sound continues. 'The mysterious thing' catches the pilot and kills him off. His blood splatters all over the front glass of the cockpit. Jack, Charlie and Kate take off immediately from the plane, back to the beach where they'd come from. After having lost sight of each other for a while, eventually they meet in the jungle. Charlie spots a hideous scene when he sees a dead body lying on the uppermost branch of a tree.
The Episode Ends.
