Previously on...: Faraday explained to Jack and Kate what the plan was for detonating the hydrogen bomb in an attempt to prevent the crash of Oceanic 815.Hello, Jacob A man worked a tapestry loom, then headed out to the beach and pulled a basket from the water. He pulled a fish from the basket and ate it. Another man we haven't yet seen came to join him, and the man offered the newcomer some fish. He declined, and they watched a ship in the distance. "How did they find the island?" the second man asked. "They come, fight, they destroy, they corrupt. It always ends the same.""It only ends once," the first man said. "Anything that happens before that is just progress."The second man turned to the other and said, "Do you have any idea how badly I want to kill you?"He promised that one of these days he was going to "find a loophole.""When you do, I'll be right here," the weaver said."Always nice talking to you, Jacob," the second man said. We never learned his name, but as the camera panned out, it revealed the full length of the famous, broken, four-toed statue.Jacob and Little Kate: A young boy and girl plotted some kind of scheme as they headed into a general store. The girl walked in and stuffed a "New Kids on the Block" lunch pail into her backpack. The store owner knew her mom, Diane Austen, and the girl said her name was Katie. The store owner threatened to call the cops, but a man offered to pay for the lunch pail. It was Jacob. He told her to promise she'd never steal anything again.'We have to stop him': Kate told Sawyer they had to get off the submarine because Jack was about to detonate a hydrogen bomb. Sawyer didn't want to, saying, "If Jack wants to blow up the island, good for Jack."Jack and Sayid tried to figure out how to detonate the bomb. Alpert had some reservations and asked Eloise if it was a good idea. "You're pregnant," he said. They only had two hours to move the bomb, so they got started.Radzinsky showed up at the station and demanded that drilling resume, despite Chang's objections.30 Years Later: Locke led Ben and the crew to see Jacob. Ben explained to Sun that the leader answers to Jacob, but he admitted he'd never met Jacob. Alpert wanted to know how Locke was alive. He couldn't believe that Locke came back to life. "And I've never seen anyone who doesn't age," Locke replied. They agreed that Jacob was likely the reason Locke was still alive. Locke wanted to thank Jacob for that. Then, he said, they were going to "have to deal with" the Ajira passengers from the flight that brought him back to the island.Frank the pilot pretended to be asleep in the canoe he was shoved into by some new people. They wondered if he was "a candidate," and he wondered what they were talking about. They hauled a big box onto the shore and Frank wanted to know what was inside. They showed him. We didn't see it, but Frank said, "Terrific." He was being sarcastic.Jacob and Little Sawyer: We saw a boy at a funeral looking sad. He tried to write something, but his pen wouldn't work. Jacob approached and offered him one. "I'm very sorry about your mother and father, James," Jacob said. Then we got a glimpse of the letter the boy was writing. It began, "Dear, Mr. Sawyer... You don't know who I am, but I know who you are, and I know what you done."A man came and told the boy they had to get to the cemetery. He read the letter, and told the boy that even though he was mad at the man who killed his mother and father, he had to move on. "They're gone, and there ain't nothin' you can do to change that," the man said. He asked the boy to promise he wouldn't finish the letter. He did.'I'm leavin''': Sawyer insisted to Kate that he made a choice to leave the island, so now he was leaving. Juliet, suddenly, smacked their escort in the sub and they began their escape. They held the captain at gunpoint and told him to surface the sub, then get back on course.Meanwhile, Jack and Sayid continued working on the bomb. Alpert talked to Jack about Locke and Jack told Alpert, "If I were you, I wouldn't give up on him."A startling revelation: Ben explained to Locke that he was suddenly not sharing secrets because his daughter threatened to kill him if he didn't do everything Locke said. Locke was relieved, because that meant he wouldn't have to convince Ben to kill Jacob.Jacob and Sayid: Sayid was walking with his fiancee when she entered a crosswalk and Jacob stopped Sayid to ask for help with directions. In an instant, a car raced through the intersection and hit Sayid's fiancee. Killing her almost immediately. Jacob stood next to Sayid the whole time.Back on the island: Jack and the gang continued trying to move the bomb. Alpert knocked through a wall into Dharma territory. Then, when Eloise was about to take the lead, Alpert knocked her unconscious and held Jack at gunpoint. He told Jack and Sayid that they were on their own and Alpert was going to take Eloise back the way they came so he could protect their leader.Jack and Sayid came out of a Dharma house and decided to "hide in plain sight," by walking through the village while an alarm went off. It wasn't long before Roger, Ben's dad, noticed Sayid and Jack and called out to Sayid, "You're the son of a bitch who shot my kid." Roger shot Sayid in the stomach and Jack started firing back. A fire fight broke out and a blue van raced toward them. It was Hurley, Miles and Jin, opening the door so Sayid and Jack could jump in and speed away.Sawyer, Juliet and Kate paddled back toward the island as the submarine headed back out into the ocean. Kate thanked Juliet for backing her up on the decision to come back. Sawyer said he didn't know where they were, then Vincent came running toward them. "Oh, hell no," a voice said. It was Rose, and she called to Bernard, saying, "They found us."Jack told Hurley to take them to The Swan station.Sawyer caught up with Rose and Bernard, who told them about the new retired life they were enjoying. Rose pointed the barracks out to them, and the trio headed off to stop Jack.What's in the box?: The people who had Frank told him they needed what was in the box to show "somebody" what they're up against. They arrived at a hut and Ilana, the apparent leader of the group, approached with a gun in her hand.Jacob and Ilana: A woman whose face was bandaged, covering everything but an eye and her mouth, was in a recovery area of a seemingly third-world hospital where people were speaking a different language. Jacob came to visit her and asked for her help.'Burn it': Ilana went inside what was once Jacob's hut and found that he wasn't there and hadn't been for a long time. She had her people burn it down.Jacob and Locke: Jacob sat at a bench, reading a book (for the serious "Losties," it was Flannery O'Connor's "Everything that Rises Must Converge"). All was quiet until a body crashed through a window and landed on the ground. Jacob walked to the body. It was Locke. Jacob touched his shoulder, reviving Locke, and said, "Don't worry, everything's going to be alright. I'm sorry this happened to you." Then he walked away.Locke and the gang: Locke brought the group to the old camp site and told everyone to rest up. Locke sat next to Ben and asked him what really happened the time that Ben took Locke to meet Jacob. Ben admitted he was talking to an empty chair, but was as surprised as Locke was when things started flying around the room. Ben admitted he was embarrassed and didn't want Locke to know he'd never seen Jacob. Ben asked Locke why he was supposed to kill Jacob. Locke turned it around on Ben, outlining all the terrible things that have happened to Ben in service of a man he'd never met. "So the question is, why the hell wouldn't you want to kill Jacob?" Locke asked Ben.Jacob and Sun and Jin: In the survivor's old camp Sun found Charlie's Drive Shaft ring in Aaron's old cradle, which brought us to a flashback of her wedding day with Jin. She put a ring on his finger. He read his vows to her and put a ring on her finger, and they kissed. As people congratulated them, one of them was Jacob, who told them never to take their love for granted. He touched them both on the shoulder and walked away. Neither Sun or Jin knew who he was, "but his Korean is excellent," Jin said.'Why are we stopping?' Jack, Sayid, Miles, Hurley and Jin raced in the van toward The Swan station when Hurley suddenly stopped driving. "Why the hell are we stopping?" Jack asked. "Hurley pointed at what was in front of them: Sawyer, Kate and Juliet, and Sawyer held a gun.The four-toed statue: Locke and his group arrived at the four-toed statue, and Alpert said it's where Jacob lives.Sawyer-Jack showdown: Sawyer asked Jack for five minutes to say what he had to say. They went away from the group to chat.Jacob and Jack: Jack was operating on a patient when he started getting a little shaky. He cut the dural sac and his dad told him not to be afraid, count to five, then fix the patient. He counted and took care of the problem.Jack got frustrated with the vending machine when his candy bar got stuck. Jack was upset with his dad later, saying he'd embarrassed him. Jack told his dad that he needed the people at the hospital to believe in him, even if his dad didn't. "Are you sure I'm the one who doesn't believe in you, Jack?" Christian asked him."One of these yours?" a man asked Jack, holding up two candy bars. It was Jacob. He handed him the candy bar and they both walked away.Jack and Sawyer: Sawyer started by telling Jack his parents were killed when he was 8 years old. Sawyer said he had a chance to go back home and stop his dad from killing anybody. Sawyer said he didn't do it because "what's done is done." Sawyer wondered what it was Jack wanted so badly that he was willing to blow up the island."I had her and I lost her," Jack said. Sawyer told him to just go and ask to get Kate back."Nah, it's too late for that," Jack said. Jack got up to leave and Sawyer reminded Jack that if what he's doing works, he and Kate will be strangers and she'll be in handcuffs."Well, I guess there's nothing I can say that's going to change your mind," Sawyer said, just before punching Jack in the face. They exchanged blows and Sawyer told Jack, "I had a life here!"Sawyer held Jack down and asked, "Will you stop?"Jack said, "No," and Sawyer continued to punch him until Juliet stopped him. She said Jack was right and they had to go through with the bomb thing. "I changed my mind," she said.Young Juliet: A pair of young girls sat and listened as their parents told them they were getting a divorce. One of them was named Rachel. The other was Juliet, who ran out of the room when her mother told her she'd understand one day.Back on the island: Juliet told Sawyer she changed her mind when he saw Sawyer look at Kate. She said that if Jack could make it so none of them ever met, he should do it. She said if she never met Sawyer then she wouldn't have to worry about losing him.Radzinsky, meanwhile, was close to drilling into the energy and Chang was getting nervous. Phil radioed to Radzinsky that Jack and Sayid had been back at the village and left in a stolen van. Radzinsky told Phil to get some men and guns down to The Swan. He wanted to be ready if Jack and the gang showed up at The Swan.Kate went to talk to Jack and he asked Kate why she made him promise not to ask about Aaron. She said she was so angry with Jack for making her come back to the island. "Is he why you came back?" Jack asked. She said she came back so Aaron could be where he belongs, with his mother. Jack told Kate that if she wanted to save Clare, blowing up the bomb was the only way to do it.They were close enough to The Swan that they could hear the alarms going off as the energy began to build. "It's about to happen," Jack said. He asked Kate if she was with him, and she said yes.Jacob and Hurley: An officer went through Hurley's possessions as he was being released from jail. Hurley asked if it was a mistake because he killed lots of people. Hurley went outside to get a cab and Jacob was in it. Jacob wanted to know why Hurley wouldn't go back to the island."Because I'm cursed," Hurley said. Jacob wondered if Hurley was blessed rather than cursed, because of the fact that he can talk to loved ones he's lost. Jacob assured Hurley he is not crazy. Jacob told Hurley about the Ajira Airways flight and that it was his choice whether or not to be on the plane. Jacob got out of the cab, leaving behind a guitar he said wasn't his.Will it work? Jack set out to detonate the bomb, which Sayid rigged to explode on impact. Jack was instructed to get the bomb as close to the electromagnetic source as possible. Jack left and, as he passed Sawyer, said, "See you in Los Angeles."Where's Jacob?: Locke asked Alpert where Jacob was as they waited near the statue. Sun asked Ben what happened to the rest of the statue, and Ben said he didn't know because it was like that when he got there. Sun didn't really believe him. Ben didn't expect her to.Locke brought Ben along as he and Alpert went to the base of the statue. Alpert got them to the door, then left, and said, "Tell him I said hello."Locke and Ben went inside and Locke asked Ben if he'd be able to kill Jacob. He promised things would change when Jacob was gone.Just a thought: After Jack left, Miles asked Sawyer and the crew if they ever considered the possibility that what Jack was going to do might actually cause, rather than prevent, the plane crash and everything else. They hadn't.Phil and the gunmen showed up, and Jack plotted his course toward The Swan. Phil spotted Jack and started shooting at him. Jack shot back and the rest of the group provided cover for Jack by driving by in the van and shooting. Sawyer snuck up behind Phil and held him at gunpoint, ordering him to tell everyone else to drop their guns. Sawyer told Jack to do his business.The drill wouldn't shut down. Jack held the bomb over the hole, looked back at Kate and Sawyer looked at Juliet. Jack dropped the bomb and ... nothing happened. "This don't look like LAX," Sawyer said.Metal objects started being pulled into the hole. Jack was knocked out by a metal box, Chang was trapped for a moment by a piece of scaffolding and Miles helped pull him free. Phil was about to shoot Sawyer, when another piece of scaffolding knocked him over, then a series of metal pipes shot toward him, with one of them hitting Phil in the chest, presumably killing him.Juliet was then wrapped up by some metal chains and pulled toward the hole. Kate leaped to save her and held on just long enough for Sawyer to run over and take Juliet's hand. Juliet had fallen into the hole and was hanging on to Sawyer's hand as the electromagnetic energy pulled on the chains wrapped around her. In a dramatic moment, Sawyer held on to Juliet. He shouted at her to hang on and she told him she loved him. Juliet couldn't hold on any longer, and was pulled into the hole.'Which one of you is Ricardus?': Ilana and her group approached Alpert and Sun and the rest of the gang that was waiting outside the statue for Locke and Ben. She asked for Ricardus, and Alpert stepped forward. "It's Richard, actually," he said.She asked him, "What lies in the shadow of the statue?" Alpert responded with some apparent Latin that is sure to have the Internets buzzing on Thursday. Ilana had her men unload the box. It was Locke's body."I don't understand," Sun said. "If this is Locke. Who's in there?""Locke" and Ben were inside the statue when Jacob's voice said, "You like it?" He was talking about a tapestry he made."Well, you found your loophole," Jacob said."Indeed, I did," "Locke" said. "And you have no idea what I've gone through to be here.""Do what I asked you to, Ben," Locke said.Jacob approached Ben and told him, "You have a choice.""What choice?" Ben asked."You can do what he asked, or you can go, leave us to discuss our issues," Jacob said.Ben told Jacob, "So now, after all this time, you've decided to stop ignoring me. Thirty-five years I've lived on this island, and all I've ever heard was your name, over and over." Ben said he never questioned anything, "I did as I was told." Ben was angry at being told he had to wait, to be patient, to see Jacob."But when he asks to see you, he gets marched straight up here as if he was Moses," Ben said. "So, why him? What was it that was so wrong with me? What about me?""What about you?" Jacob replied to Ben.Ben proceeded to stab Jacob in the chest twice.Jacob, gasping, said, "They're coming."Locke kicked Jacob's body into the fire.Juliet's last stand: Sawyer was still standing over the hole where Juliet had fallen and Jack and Kate and pull him off of it. We watched more objects fly into the hole and zoomed all the way down inside it to find Juliet still alive at the bottom.She coughed and gasped for some air and as she looked beside her, she saw the bomb hadn't detonated.She grabbed a rock and started hitting the bomb as hard as she could. She hit it a few times and nothing happened. She gave it a few more whacks, though, and on the last one, there was a blast and the screen flashed white.Boom.
