Previously on...: If you don't know by now, you're pretty much beyond help. There was no recap segment.'Surprise!' Sawyer and Jin were camping out in the jungle and Sawyer told Jin he was "with Locke." Jin told Sawyer that wasn't Locke and Sawyer said he knew, but would follow him because he was going to get them off the island. Sawyer promised Jin they wouldn't leave without Sun.Locke and his clan showed up, including Sayid, Claire and Kate, who had an icy greeting with Sawyer.Back in L.A., Sawyer was making sweet love to a woman but realized he was late for a meeting. As he raced to leave, his briefcase opened, revealing wads of cash. He tried to talk his way out of it, but the woman pulled a gun on him and said she could spot a con man because she'd married one. He told her the whole thing was a setup and he was working with the cops, who were waiting outside. She didn't believe him, but he said "the magic word" ("Lafleur"), and the cops barged in -- Miles was one of them."You're a cop?" she asked, as she was taken away in handcuffs."Surprise!" Sawyer said.Back on the island, Claire stashed a knife while no one was looking, and she looked at her handmade homage to Aaron, which she kept creepily in a bassinet. "It's all I had," she told Kate.Claimed Locke promised to answer the group's questions, but they had to keep moving. He said that "the black smoke killed" the people who didn't come out of the temple. He promised Emma, the little girl from the tail section that Cindy the flight attendant has been caring for, that he'd take care of the group, and the whole group walked on.Kate told Sawyer she saw Jack and Hurley leaving the temple but didn't know where Miles was.Back in L.A., Sawyer was working the phones trying to track down an Anthony Cooper (Locke's dad?). Miles, his partner, told him he'd set him up on a date. Miles worried that Sawyer (who was going by James Ford) would die alone. Miles asked James if he was lying to him about this Anthony Cooper he was trying to find, but James questioned why he would lie.Back on the island, Sawyer interrupted Claimed Locke as he explained they'd be making camp for a couple of days. Claimed Locke said they should talk about it in private. He didn't appreciate being interrupted, and then he revealed to Sawyer that he's "the smoke thing." Sawyer realized that meant Claimed Locke killed everyone in the temple. Claimed Locke said he gave them a chance to leave peacefully, but they refused. He said all those people thought they were protecting the island from him and "all I want to do is leave." He said "it's either kill or be killed -- and I don't want to be killed."Claimed Locke then sent Sawyer on a boat ride to Hydra Island. It was a recon mission to see if the remaining passengers from the Ajira flight were a threat. Claimed Locke told Sawyer he'd be fine because he was "the best liar I ever met."Back in L.A., James went on his date -- it was with Charlotte. She explained she was an archaeologist. She asked him why he became a cop and he asked if she'd seen "Bullitt." When she said she hadn't, he said he wouldn't bore her with the explanation. But she pressed him for the truth. He said he got to a point in his life where he'd either become a criminal or a cop, so he chose cop. They hooked up.She asked to borrow a T-shirt and he told her to get one from his dresser drawer. Inside, she found a folder labeled "Sawyer," and a photo of a young James, his mother and his father. She also saw a newspaper article clipping of a story about the man killing his wife and himself, leaving his 9-year-old son alive. The photo in the newspaper was the same as the one in the drawer. James saw Charlotte looking at the photo and yelled at her to leave.Sawyer tied his boat up at Hydra Island and checked around. He saw the cages where he and Kate were once locked up (where they made hot passionate love). He saw Kate's dress and held it.On the main island, Kate asked Sayid whether he believed that Claimed Locke could really get them off the island. He said yes, but had a blank stare. Suddenly, Claire grabbed Kate from behind and put the knife to Kate's throat. Sayid sat and watched, but did nothing. Claimed Locke grabbed Claire and tossed her aside, then slapped Claire as she hysterically told him about how Kate took Aaron. He said her behavior was "inappropriate." Kate was stunned.Back on Hydra, Sawyer kept walking around and came upon the Ajira plane. He followed a path that led away from the plane and into some brush. There, he found a pile of dead bodies and heard a woman running around in the brush. He chased her and tackled her, asking who she was. She said, "I'm the only one left."Back in L.A., Miles was upset with James for lying to him about going to Australia when he'd said he was in Palm Springs. Miles ran James' credit card and knew he'd lied. James told Miles it was none of his "damn business" why he was in Australia. Miles told him he would no longer be his partner. James was upset and punched a mirror.Back on Hydra, the woman told Sawyer her name was Zoe and she was off collecting wood when she heard screaming. She said the other people were all dead when she came back. She'd spent the last two days dragging their bodies back to the pile. He told he'd take her back with him to the main island."Thank God," she said."Trust me," Sawyer replied. "God's got nothing to do with it." (A message to the "Lost" theorists?)Back on the main island, Kate cried alone when Claimed Locke apologized for Claire's behavior. He said he was the one who told her that The Others had her baby. He said Claire needed something to hate, and that was the idea that The Others had Aaron. He said Claire's anger "had to go somewhere" when Kate told her the truth. He told Kate that he would live up to his promise to protect everyone, including her. She asked him where Sawyer went and he reached out his hand and said, "I'll show you."Back on Hydra, the woman asked Sawyer a few questions about his group of people on the main island. How many of them were there? Did they have guns? He asked her where her flight was headed and she said Guam, and Sawyer pulled his gun on her."You're good, sweetheart," he said. "But you ain't that good."The jig was up, so she let out a loud whistle and a small army of heavily armed dudes emerged from the bushes, pointing guns at Sawyer and telling him to put his gun down. He obliged and sarcastically said, "Alright, alright -- you got me. Take me to your leader."Back on the main island, Kate and Claimed Locke sat and looked at Hydra Island. Claimed Locke told Kate, "I am not a dead man," which she'd called him earlier. He said he knew what Kate was feeling because his mother was crazy. He said that long ago ("before I looked like this") his mother was a very disturbed woman and, as a result, he had "some growing pains." He said he was still trying to work his way through his problems, which could have been avoided had things been different. He said he was telling her his story because "now Aaron has a crazy mother, too."Back on Hydra, Sawyer was brought to the submarine dock and told to get into the sub. "He's waiting for you," Zoe told him. Sawyer climbed down the sub's ladder.Back in L.A., James was home alone drinking beer and eating a frozen dinner, watching "Little House on the Prairie." He decided to go to Charlotte's place bringing a huge sunflower and a six-pack of beer and asked if he could come in. She told him he "blew it" by kicking her out, and she closed the door in his face. He left.Back in the sub, Sawyer saw a locked door and asked what was in there. Zoe told him it was none of his business. She took him into another door to see Charles Widmore. He asked Sawyer if he knew who he was and Sawyer said he did: "You're the fella who sent a freighter loaded with guys to kill us all." Widmore said it was sad how little Sawyer knew. Sawyer said he knew Widmore murdered all the people on Hydra and dropped them in a ditch, but Whidmore denied killing them, saying, "but I don't expect you to believe that.""Good, I don't," Sawyer said.Sawyer told Widmore that John Locke sent him, and when Widmore said John Locke was dead, Sawyer said they both know that's not John Locke. Sawyer told Widmore he'd serve up Claimed Locke for the killing as long as his people weren't hurt and were given safe passage off the island. They seemed to agree that they couldn't really trust each other, but made a handshake agreement.Back on the island, Claire walked up to Kate, which made her nervous. But Claire said she wanted to apologize and said she knew that everything Kate did was because she cared about Claire and Aaron. She cried and they hugged it out.Sawyer, meanwhile, got back to the main island and told Claimed Locke all about Widmore and the sub and Widmore's armed "compadres," and he told Claimed Locke about how he told Widmore he'd serve him up for killing. The plan was to surprise Widmore and his crew when they arrived for a fight. Claimed Locke said he appreciated Sawyer's loyalty."You said you were going to get me off this island," Sawyer said. "A deal's a deal."Back in L.A., James stopped Miles on the street and showed him the "Sawyer" folder. He then told Miles everything: "Sawyer" was the reason his father killed his mother and himself. He said he'd been hunting "Sawyer" down since the day he left the academy and he followed up a lead in Australia, a guy named Anthony Cooper. He said he's been trying to find Anthony Cooper and, when he finds him, he's going to kill him.Sirens blared in the background and suddenly James' car (where he and Miles were talking) was slammed into by a blue car that was trying to get away from the cops. The driver got out and ran, and James and Miles gave chase. James caught up to the hooded assailant and pulled back the hood to reveal that it was Kate.Back on the island, Kate was tending a fire when Sawyer came up and she asked what he was doing running errands for Locke. He told her that Widmore had set up camp on Hydra and had guys with guns. "They're here for Locke," he said, adding that he was going to let them fight it out and while they were fighting, he and Kate (and presumably the rest of them) were going to flee.She asked how they would fly the plane."We ain't taking the plane, Freckles," he said. "We're taking the sub."Boom.
