The scene begins with the first day of the crash. (What John recalls) Before boarding on the plane John Lock happened to be a crippled person who moved in a wheelchair everywhere. However, after the crash he finds himself that he is able to move his toe. That's what he referred to as a miracle in the previous episode.Now back to the present moment, in the night, everybody is sleeping when suddenly Vincent starts to bark which attracts everybody's attention. They hear some clattering sound in the plane. They wonder who it could be since all the bodies in the plane are dead. Jack takes out his flashlight and so does Sawyer. They head towards the sound in the plane. When Jack flashes the light on it he shouts everybody to run as three boars exit from the plane and run back into the jungle. By the look on John's face it seems that he seems to know more about the island than he lets it out on his face.According to Jack, the boars were there to feed on the dead bodies. So, Jack proposes that they should get rid of all the 20 bodies in the plane to prevent reoccurrence of the boars on the beach and thereby making the beach safer to live on. He discards Sayid's idea to bury the bodies because the boars will soon sniff them out and the bodies would not remain buried for long. So the whole purpose of getting rid of the bodies gets defeated if they do not burn them. He suggests that they should wait till the sun goes down the next day as he intends that someone would see the fire in the dark and they might get rescued.Sayid theorizes that if the French woman's message has been playing on the island for 16 years then there must be some kind of a power source on the island. So to find the location of the power source, he is making some kind of an instrument which is an antenna of a sort. He intends to point a few of those antennas on different parts of the island to triangulate the signal which will help him to know where the transmission is coming from.Hurly and Sawyer are fighting over for the food left. Hurly tells Jack that whatever food they had, they had eaten it all. So they no longer have anything to eat. John Lock comes in and suggests they should now have to hunt for the sustenance. He opens the suitcase wherein there are quite a few knifes in it which they would need for hunting.The scene flashes back to Johns life before the crash where he worked in a kind of a box company. But he takes a call which happened to be a personal one. His boss comes up to him and warns him about no personal calls from the office line.John, Kate and Michael go on into the jungle to hunt the boars.Shannon finds Charlie as he was about to hit on a drug. He immediately slips that into his hip pocket. They go together for a walk down the beach. Shannon wants Charlie to help her with fishing.Boone spots Rose sitting all by herself for long time without having anything to eat or drink. He thinks she is having a hard time dealing with her husband's disappearance as he was also on the plane but landed on some different part of the island. She looks like she is praying for her husband's well-being. Boone is a kind of a think-gooder who approaches Jack and wants him to comfort her. Jack does try so, but Rose doesn't seem to be much comfortable making a conversation about it.In the jungle, a boar attacks the three of them. Michael gets hurt on his thigh. John recalls his past events as he is lying down on his back. His boss doesn't seem to like him much. John hates to be told what he can't do. Back in the jungle, he tells Kate to take Michael back to the beach and he himself heads towards hunting down a boar. We come to know one of the traits of John's personality that he is very highly determined and a big believer in destiny.Back on the beach Claire hands an envelope over to Sayid with his name on it. Apparently, it contains Sayid's girlfriends or love's photo inside it.Kate climbs up higher on a tree to plant the transceiver to boost its signal. However, when she reaches to the branch when she takes out the transceiver to install, she notices movements behind the weeds and accidentally drops the transceiver down on the ground. Apparently, they return to the beach without having installed the transceiver because it gets damaged falling off from such a height.Boone accuses Shannon to have used Charlie for food. Charlie feels a bit humiliated because it had never occurred to him that Shannon might be using him.Rose and Jack are having conversation when Jack tells her that they are burning the fuselage in the plane and are holding a memorial service for the people who died on the island. He tries to convince her in a smooth way that her husband might be dead as he was in the tail section of the plane and insists that she should attend the service in memory of him. Rose refuses to accept that her husband is dead and applies the same logic saying that the people in the rear section must be thinking the same thing about them which leaves Jack thinking. Suddenly he gets a hallucination of his dead father standing under a tree.When Kate had climbed the tree in the jungle and seen a frightening movement in the weeds and the direction of the movement seemed to be pointing towards where John Lock was headed, she assumes that 'the thing' must have gotten John Lock and tells the same to Jack. She also says that they couldn't save him because they had no time. At the same time Jack again gets the hallucination of his dead father standing at a tree and he races at him just to find John back with something for dinner.That night a memorial service is held at the beach which is initiated by Claire and few words are said about the deceased even when no one seemed to know much about them.In a flashback, John had booked a seat on a bus which was taking them to a walkabout. However, the officer in the insurance company cancels Johns booking at the eleventh hour looking at his crippled condition. He says that John misrepresented himself in order to be on that bus. John goes to great lengths in trying to convince the authority that though being crippled he is perfectly capable of doing that walkabout. But the officer refuses to believe in him and tells him they can't let him be on the bus and all they can do is to provide him with a transport which will take him back to Sydney. John gets furious that he missed his chance to do a walkabout and keeps shouting that it is his destiny to do so when the scene again flashes back on the beach, immediately after the plane crash when John miraculously finds his legs completely healed and thinks that it is his destiny which has brought him on the island. (Where now he can get his wish of doing a walkabout fulfilled, now that he can stand on his legs and walk)The Episode ends with John's a bit satisfied look on his face to have gotten rid of his wheelchair.
