The first hour of the two-part, three-hour season finale kicked off with "The Oceanic Six" -- Jack, Kate, Hurley, Sun, Sayid and Aaron -- flying to a military base west of Honolulu. A PR representative for Oceanic Airlines asked if they were willing to talk to the press and Jack, speaking for everyone, said they'd all agreed they'd speak to the press and "get it over with." As they got off the plane, Hurley ran into the arms of his waiting mother; Sun, looking sad, had her parents waiting for her; Jack's mother was there; Sayid had no one welcoming him and was introduced to Hurley's parents; and Kate, looking into the distance and holding Aaron didn't greet anyone.Back on the island: The group was wondering why the satellite phone was dropped from the helicopter that should have had Sayid and Desmond on it. With the phone, they overheard Keamy telling the pilot to land the helicopter near "the orchid." Jack, against Juliet's orders, headed out and told him not to bleed to death. Daniel told Charlotte that the orchid was part of the secondary protocol, which Keamy last week said was to "torch the island." Daniel told Charlotte, "We have to get off this island -- now."Using the phone, Jack and Kate hiked all night through the jungle and Jack was bleeding from his appendicitis incision. Miles and Sawyer walked out of the jungle and Sawyer was holding Aaron. He told Jack and Kate they "lost" Claire, that she just walked off in the middle of the night. Sawyer told them that the freighter group blew up "half of New Otherton," referring to the Others' old camp. Jack set off to look for the helicopter and Sawyer followed him.Back in the future: The Oceanic representative walked the press through a timeline of events since the crash. She said the best estimate of the crash site was in the southern Indonesian islands. She said they were carried by the ocean's current to an uninhabited island known as Membata. On Day 103, she said, a typhoon washed ashore the remnants of an Indoesian fishing boat, including basic supplies and survival raft. On Day 108 (there's that number again!), the remaining six survivors, including "Miss Austen's baby, which she gave birth to on the island of Membata," used the raft to journey to an island called Sumba. They came ashore near a village called Manukangga and met local fishermen who took a photo (she showed the photo). Once it was discovered who they were, they were brought to Honolulu by the U.S. Coast Guard. She said they were in shock, but were open to questions.Jack was asked what it was like when the plane hit the ocean. He said he remembered the impact, the plane filling up with water, a group of them getting to the emergency door and got out before it went down. He said they had cushions, some life jackets and were in the water for about a day, and that there were only eight survivors by the time they reached the island. Hurley said he didn't want his $150 million back because the money was bad luck. Sun was asked if her husband was one of the people who died on the island. Sun said no, he never made it off the plane. Kate was asked about giving birth on the island. She said, "Scary." A reporter asked about Kate's arrest and the Oceanic rep said her legal issues were off the table. Sayid said there is no chance that other survivors from the crash would be found. Afterward, Sayid was greeted by Nadia, who said nothing and they embraced.Back on the island: Sayid rode his lifeboat to the beach and came upon Sun, Jin and Juliet, and told them he was going to take them back to the freighter in groups of six. Hurley, Locke and Ben were hiking to "the orchid," which Ben said was a greenhouse where they could move the island. Ben used a mirror to flash a signal to an unseen person high up on a hill. Locke asked what he told them and Ben said it was none of his business. Back at the beach, Daniel offered to start ferrying people off the island and Sayid decided to trust him. Juliet said Sun should go first because she's pregnant. Sayid and Kate took off after Jack and Sawyer. Sun took Aaron onto the boat and Jin was on it, as well.Back in the future: A pregnant Sun came to her father's office while he was in the middle of a business problem. Sun told her dad that she knew he always hated Jin. She told him she used her crash settlement money to buy a controlling interest in the company. She wanted to get back at him for ruining Jin's life. She said they wouldn't have been on Oceanic 815 if it weren't for her father, and she told him that he was one of the two people responsible for Jin's death.Hurley came home to his parents' mansion and saw a coconut on the floor. He heard whispers throughout the house, but it turned out there were just a bunch of friends and family there for a surprise birthday party. Kate was there, as were Sayid and Nadia. Hurley's dad gave him the old car they were once meant to work on together. He told Hurley that he started working on it after the plane crash as a memorial to him. Hurley got in to take it for a ride, but freaked out when he saw the numbers on the odometers: 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42. He got out of the car and ran down the street.Back on the island: When Ben, Locke and Hurley arrived at The Orchid, Ben told them that Charles Whidmore -- the man who is trying to capture Ben and kill the rest of the survivors -- knows about The Orchid and knows that what they need is inside. Ben admitted to Locke that he "wasn't being entirely truthful" when he told Locke he had no idea why Whidmore was trying to find the island. They spotted some of the freighter guys standing guard outside The Orchid.The rescue boat arrived at the freighter and Daniel unloaded the group and headed back for more people. Just then, Michael appeared and said the engine was fixed. Desmond ran to the control deck and the captain fired up the engines. Jack and Sawyer found the helicopter and the pilot told them that the group he was with wanted Ben and they weren't going to do anything good with the people who were with Ben.Back in the future: Jack spoke at his father's wake and said, "Goodbye, dad. I love you." A woman came up to Jack afterward and told him she believed she was the reason Jack's father was in Australia. "He came to see his daughter -- my daughter," she told Jack. She told Jack that her daughter was on the plane and she believed she was "one of the ones who died when your plane hit the water. Her name was Claire." Jack was noticeably shaken, but said nothing. The woman then walked over to Kate, who was holding Aaron and told her, "Your son is beautiful."Back on (or near) the island: Michael explained to Sun and Jin how he and Walt got back to the United States and got defensive when Sun told him he now works for Ben. Desmond ran out and got Michael and Jin, who discovered that the ship was wired with explosives. On the island, Kate and Sayid were confronted by Alpert and were suddenly surrounded by people with guns pointed at them. Over at The Orchid, Ben gave Locke directions on what to do in the greenhouse. Ben told Locke he had a plan, and headed off to surrender himself to Keamy. Keamy held a gun to Ben's forehead, then smacked him and the screen went black.
