Previously on...: Way back when, young Ben met Alpert in the jungle and asked Nestor to take him with him to join The Others. Alpert warned Ben he'd have to be very patient. Ben chided Sayid about whether he wants to protect his friends. Sayid killed a guy on a golf course after being rescued from the island. Jin found Sayid in the jungle after Sayid returned to the island (in the past) and Sayid was locked up. Sayid met young Ben.'You must kill one': In a flashback, a young boy was being yelled at by his father because he didn't want to kill a chicken. As the boy hesitated, another boy came along, went into the chicken coop and broke the neck of one of the birds. The father came outside and saw this, telling the younger kid that he would become a man. Then he said, "Well done, Sayid."Back on the island: Young Ben brought another sandwich for Sayid and handed Sayid a book, "A Separate Reality" by Carlos Castaneda (Ben said he'd read it twice). Ben asked Sayid if Richard sent him. Young Ben explained that he'd met Alpert in the jungle and wanted to join him. "So I've been patient," young Ben said. "And if you're patient, too, I think I can help you."Moscow: A man ran frantically through an apartment building and locked himself inside one of the apartments. As he punched a code into a safe, Sayid walked through the door. The man offered money, but Sayid shot him and left. In the darkness of the night, Sayid met Ben outside. Ben told Sayid he was done. "You've taken care of everyone who posed a threat to your friends," Ben said, before walking away. Ben clarified that there was no one else in Whidmore organization that they needed to go after. Sayid wondered what he should do and Ben told him to go live his life. "You're free, Sayid."Back on the island: Horace walked into Sayid's cell and clipped his handcuffs. Horace wanted to know why Sayid was running through the jungle. He wanted to help Sayid if he was in a disagreement with his own people, or if he was a spy. Horace gave Sayid an hour to decide whether he was going to talk and said that if he didn't, Horace would "have to take this to the next level."Juliet asked Sawyer whether their life "playing house" was over now that Kate, Jack and Sayid were back. Sawyer told her Sayid wouldn't say anything. Horace walked in and said there was a problem with "the prisoner," Sayid. Horace told Sawyer he was going to let Oldham "do his thing" on Sayid.Sawyer barged into the station where Sayid was being held, acting like he was going to go rough on him. Sawyer told Sayid he couldn't let him go, because he'd built a good life in "Dharmaville." He told Sayid to deal with it, or he would be on his own."Then I guess I'm on my own," Sayid said.Jack, Kate and Hurley had lunch in a Dharma cafeteria. There was an awkward moment when Hurley talked about Sawyer and Juliet living together.Sayid laid in his cell when Ben's dad, Roger the janitor, came in and mocked him for getting caught. Ben walked in with a sandwich and tried to say it was for his dad, but he got in trouble when his dad figured out easily that the sandwich was for Sayid. Sayid winced as he watched Roger push Ben around and into the bars of the cell.'How did you find me?' Sayid was building a charity house when Ben walked up and Sayid asked how he found him. "I looked, Ben said, before breaking the news that Locke was dead. Ben said he thought Locke had been killed and warned Sayid that he, too, could be in danger. Ben thought Locke's murder was retribution for the work he and Sayid had been doing. Ben told Sayid that there was a man watching Hurley outside his mental institution. Sayid knew Ben was suggesting that he should kill the man.Ben told Sayid he thought he enjoyed killing people, but Sayid told Ben he was mistaken. Ben apologized, somewhat sarcastically.
'He's our you': Sawyer went to Sayid's cell and asked if he had anything to say. Sayid said nothing, so Sawyer stunned him with a Taser and told the Dharma men to take him to Oldham. They did and when Sayid stood outside Oldham's tent, he asked Sawyer, "Who is this man?""He's our you," Sawyer said.Oldham had Sayid put in restraints and gave him a sugar cube injected with something he said would make Sayid tell the truth.On the docks: We were whisked back to the scene on the dock in L.A., when Ben was trying to convince Sun, Kate and Sayid to go back to the island. Sayid told Ben that if he ever saw him again, it would be unpleasant for them both.Sayid was next seen sitting at a bar ordering a glass of MacCutcheon. A woman next to him asked about his drink, which cost $120 a glass. She said he was sad. He told her he was between jobs and said he did "the only thing I was ever good at." He said he was trying to change and she said she knew why he was sad. "When you're that good at something, there are always going to be people who tempt you into staying the same."He asked how she knew so much about temptation. "Buy me a glass of that Scotch and I'll tell you," she said.Back on the island: Sayid was tied to the tree and feeling the effects of the truth serum. He gave his name and said he was tied up because he was "a bad man." He then said he returned to the island. He quickly mentioned Sawyer's name, but no one got the reference. He then started saying everything he knows about the stations on the island.He said he was from the future and told them they were all going to die. Oldham wondered if he should have used less of the serum, but Sayid went into hysterical laughter and said he'd used just enough.Kate and Juliet had a moment and Juliet realized Kate knew about her and Sawyer. Juliet said it was a relief that Kate knew. She didn't want to make it seem like she was telling Kate to stay away. "It's fine," Kate said.The Dharma people discussed killing Sayid, but Sawyer said they shouldn't do that. Radzinsky wanted Sayid dead because of what he knew about the stations. Amy, Ethan's mom, said they had no choice but to kill Sayid. They put it to a vote and the majority wanted to kill Sayid. The last vote came down to Sawyer and Horace turned to him and said, "LaFleur, I would really like to say it's unanimous." Sawyer raised his hand.'Who are you?': Sayid went to bed with the woman from the bar, but it wasn't long before she kicked him in the face and pulled a gun on him, revealing her true identity. She was a bounty hunter hired by the family of the man he killed on the golf course. She was hired to bring him to Guam."You're going to answer for what you've done," she said.Back on the island: Sawyer came into Sayid's cell and offered him a chance to escape getting killed. Sayid told Sawyer he was going to stay where he was because when he woke up in the jungle, he realized he was back on the island and "there was no purpose to it." Sawyer told Sayid he was out of his mind and walked out.Sawyer went home, but went and knocked on Kate's door. He asked her why they came back. She said she didn't know why everyone else came back, she only knew why she did.Suddenly, the VW bus, inflamed, rolled through the village and into a house before igniting the house. There was panic and the bus exploded. Jack asked Sawyer what happened and Sawyer said, "Three years, no burning buses. You all are back for one day!"Sawyer called for help, including calling Phil, who was watching the station where Sayid was being held. Phil left and young Ben walked into the station. His glasses were broken and young Ben told Sayid he really hated it with the Dharma folks."If I let you out, will you take me with you?" Ben asked Sayid."Yes, Ben, I will," Sayid replied. "That's why I'm here."Ajira Airways Flight 316: Sayid showed up at the airport, in handcuffs, being transported by the woman from the bar. He saw Hurley and others and realized they weren't going to make it to Guam. He asked if they could take the next flight and the woman took him onto the plane.Sayid saw Ben get on to the plane and he asked the woman if she was working for Ben. She asked who Ben was and Sayid explained Ben was a monster responsible for nothing short of genocide."Why would I work for someone like that?" she asked him."I did," Sayid said.Back on the island: A VW bus rolled by as Sayid and young Ben walked through the jungle. A VW bus came by and Jin got out of it. Sayid tried to explain to Jin that Sawyer had let him out. Jin called Sawyer on the walkie talkie to confirm and Sayid punched him in the throat.Young Ben saw this and was amazed."You were right about me," Sayid told young Ben. "I am a killer."Then, Sayid turned and shot young Ben, who fell over in a heap. Sayid ran into the jungle.Boom.
