Jack, Charlie and Kate are coming back to the beach with the transceiver. Charlie keeps asking Jack whether its working. Jack annoyingly says no. Charlie says to Kate that he is a coward and that every trek needs one. However, Kate does not agree with him and she says he is not a coward. Then the scene flashes back on the plane just before the crash. An air hostess comes up to Charlie and asks him whether he needs anything. He refuses. She suspects that something is wrong with him (All Charlies uneasiness indicates that he is an addict and desperately needs to hit on a drug) and conveys the same message to her superiors on the plane. Charlie turns back to see this and suspects that he might have some trouble. So, he gets up and starts to walk towards the toilet in the plane and manages to get in before the authorities have the chance to catch him. The staff crew insists Charlie that he opens the door as they have strong suspicions that he is inside hitting on a drug. At the same time, the plane shakes up a bit, apparently it had hit turbulence (the one the pilot mentioned in the first episode) and is about to crash.Back on the beach, we see Shannon (Maggie Grace) lying down in the sun. Her brother Boone asks her whether shed want to give them a hand to sort the clothes. She refuses saying that they are wasting their time and help is on the way.Michael (Harrold Perrineau) runs into Sun and Jin who is catching fish on the beach and he asks Sun whether shed seen his boy Walt (Malcolm David Kelly). Apparently, Jin doesnt like his wife talking to stranger men and tells her to fasten her top button. Michael gets the idea and walks off to find his son. Walt is looking out for his dog Vincent in the jungle. He finds a pair of handcuffs on the ground. Eventually Michael finds him out and reminds him that he told him to stay on the beach.On the beach, Sayid (Naveen Andrews) and Sawyer (Josh Holloway) are fighting over something. Michael had showed the handcuffs which Walt had found in the jungle to the people on the beach. Sawyer mistakenly assumes that it was Sayid who was handcuffed on the plane and that is why he was sitting in a back row with his hands underneath a blanket, supposedly, to hide the handcuffs on his wrists. Jack interferes in their fight and succeeds to break it. Kate watches the scene but doesnt confess that it was her who was handcuffed on the plane and not Sayid. She then changes the subject and tells everyone that they have found the transceiver but its not working. Sayid seems to be the only technical person who could get the transceiver working again. He says he needs some time to do it.Sun approaches Kate and tells her in Korean (Kate understands it in English) that she is wanted back on the beach. She goes back and talks to Sayid. Sayid says that they are not picking up a signal. But he insists that they should want to see the bars on the radio which suggest that they are getting a reception and if a boat happens to pass by it might pick up their distress call, but that would be a waste of battery as not much of it is left. He suggests that they could try to get a signal from high ground.Kate approaches Jack to tell him that Sayid has fixed the transceiver and she is going with him on high ground to send out a signal. Jack reminds her of their horrendous experience of the previous night that the mysterious thing (that killed the pilot) would still be out there. He warns her to run if she sees or hears anything.Shannon and Boone (Ian Somerhalder) had a fight. Boone doesnt like Shannon to stare at the dead bodies and being worthless. She gets angry over this and tells Boone that she is going on the hike with Sayid and Kate. Charlie, Boone and Sawyer also join them.While they are heading towards the mountain top, Sayid and Sawyer have a brief argument over whether they should be turning on the radio to check if they are getting any reception. Sawyer wants it to check it and Sayid insists that they should check it once they reach the top lest any battery should get wasted. The argument is about to get heated up when they again hear the strange noise. Charlie thinks that 'the mysterious thing' is getting towards them, apparently, to attack them. Kate also shares the same view and starts to run away from the scene with everyone else except Sawyer. Sawyer stands still in the jungle to take the bull by the horns, whatever it is. He points out the gun in the direction of the sound and shoots a couple of bullets. He finds that the thing they were wondering about at that time turned out to be a polar bear. The polar bear lies in front of him taking its last breaths. Boone asks Charlie whether he thinks it was the same bear that killed the pilot in the cockpit. But Charlie says that it is just a tiny version what that thing could have been. Everyone speculates over whether it was a polar bear. Kate asks Sawyer where did the gun come from and he answers her back that he found the gun on one of the bodies. He also finds a U. S. Marshal badge and shows that to everyone. Earlier Sawyer had accused Sayid to be the US Marshals prisoner and this time Sayid accuses him back to be the prisoner which the U. S. Marshal was bringing back to the states. Both are suspicious about each other. Kate rips the gun off Sawyer and takes it apart to avoid any future trouble amongst them.The scene again flashes back to the plane just before its crash. The US Marshal gets heavily hit by a falling bag on his forehead. It draws a lot of blood. He gradually falls unconscious. Kate gropes for a key to her handcuff in the marshals jacket pocket and finds it. She manages to free her hands off the handcuffs. At that moment we see the tail end part of the plane broken off about which Kate had told Jack in the first episode that she could not bring herself to look back at it.Back on the beach Jack is treating the US Marshal and he abruptly regains consciousness. Jack gets furious that now the Marshal has regained consciousness, he will have to suffer through that excruciating pain. Instead Marshal grabs his collar and asks him whether Kate was.The group reaches higher on the mountain and Sayid turns on the radio. He says hes got a bar on the radio but all they could hear from it is static. Sayid says that they are not able to transmit a signal because they are getting disturbance as someone else is also trying to transmit a signal from somewhere very close to them. Then they hear someone talking on the radio. Apparently the person on the phone is speaking French. Only Shannon amongst them understand French. So they request her to translate that to them. She says that the person on the other line (which is a woman) is saying that everyone with her has been killed. The thing has killed them and she is the only survivor. Sayid realizes that it is a iteration (same message repeated over and over) and kind of a distress call. Sayid says that number they heard on the phone indicate that the number of times the message has been played on. He does the counting and comes up with an answer that the message, which is a plea for help, has been playing for 16 years. That means the distress call which they are hearing now has actually been placed sixteen years back. Boone suspects that someone else is also stranded on the island. Kate says that the rescue team may have come for them. Saywer says that if the rescue team is already there which has come for the people who have placed the distress call, then why the message is still playing. Charlie wonders what exactly is the place they are stranded on.The Episode Ends
