The two-hour season finale of "Lost" picked up where the third season ended, with Jack shouting to Kate, "We have to go back" to the island. Kate slammed her brakes, came back and ripped into Jack for the suggestion. It turns out the man in the mysterious casket from the third-season finale was Jeremy Bentham, whom we've yet to meet but whom Kate doesn't seem to like very much. She said she's spent the last three years trying to forget the horrible things that happened the day they were rescued. "How dare you ask me to go back," she told Jack after slapping him. She drove away.Back on the island: Jack and Sawyer trudged through the jungle in search of Hurley. They found him and Locke at the greenhouse, which was apparently unguarded. On the ship, Desmond, Michael and Jin inspected the explosives, which seemed set to detonate at any time, but they couldn't risk trying to disable it. Hurley told Jack that Ben surrendered to "those Rambo guys" and that they were taking him back to the helicopter. Keamy asked Ben why Whidmore would pay him so much money to capture Ben and bring him back alive. Just then, Kate came running toward the Rambo guys from the jungle, saying she'd been chased. It turned out that Alpert and his mystery mob were helping Kate bait the Rambo guys into the jungle, where they ambushed them. Keamy was the last man standing and, after a pretty bad-ass hand to hand fight with Sayid, he got shot in the back by Alpert. Ben thanked Alpert for coming and asked him what the arrangement. "They help us free you and we let them off the island," Alpert told Ben. Ben said, "Fair enough," gave Kate and Sayid the helicopter and wished them a safe trip back. "So we can go off the island? That's it?" Kate asked. "That's it." Ben replied.In the future: In the psychiatric hospital, Hurley got a visit from Walt. Walt told Hurley that when the Oceanic Six came back, he was waiting for one of them to come visit him, but none of them did. Jeremy Bentham did. Walt asked Hurley why they were lying. Hurley said they were lying to protect everyone who was still on the island. "Like my dad?" Walt asked. "Like your dad," Hurley said.Back on the island: Locke asked Jack to reconsider leaving the island and asked him to stay. Locke told him "you're not supposed to go home." Locke told Jack that he knew they were on the island for a reason, and that if he left, he'd feel that way until he decided to come back. Locke told Jack he'd have to lie in order to protect the island. Ben showed up and told Jack he didn't have time to explain everything that was going on, and that Jack should meet up with the rest of the crowd. Locke and Ben then entered a hatch that went underground. On the ship, Michael, Desmond and Jin decided to freeze the battery that was charging the bomb. Daniel showed up on the island and told Juliet that the guys had fixed the ship's engine and were trying to move it closer to the island. That was a lie. Miles told Charlotte he was surprised she'd want to leave the island after trying so hard to get back to it. She acted like she didn't know what he was talking about.Locke and Ben, who suddenly turned into Oscar Madison and Felix Unger, lowered into the hatch. Ben told Locke to watch a video explaining what the hatch was for while Ben started loading things into a vault. It explained that station six, "The Orchid," was for conducting experiments in space and time. It warned that metallic objects should not be put inside the vault, but Ben was stashing every metal object he could find inside it. This confused Locke. Suddenly, the elevator moved and Ben asked Locke for his weapon bag.Jack, Sawyer and Hurley met up with the group and Kate seemed very happy to see Jack. Jack, Kate, Sawyer, Sayid and Kate joined the helicopter pilot in the chopper and took off. Back at The Orchid, Keamy got out of the elevator. His body armor saved him from Alpert's gunshot. As Ben hid in the hatch, Keamy explained that he wired himself with the detonating device for the explosives on the ship. The device was a heart-rate monitor and if he died and his heart stopped beating, the ship would blow up. Ben couldn't stand it anymore, burst out of his hiding place and stabbed Keamy. As the heart-rate monitor/detonating device started beeping, Locke told Ben, "You just killed everybody on that boat." Ben's response: "So?"Charlotte told Daniel that she was going to stay -- "for now, anyway." She told Daniel she was still looking for where she was born. Juliet told Daniel she was going to wait for the next boat because she'd promised that she wouldn't leave until she got everybody off the island. Daniel scoffed, looked into the distance and didn't have a very promising look on his face. On the ship, Michael and the guys weren't feeling too confident about disabling the explosives and thought about how they'd get everyone off the ship. On the helicopter, fuel was leaking from a bullet hole. As they tried to dump extra weight, Sawyer leaned to Kate, whispered in her ear, said, "Just do it, Freckles," and jumped out into the water.Back to the future: Sayid tapped on a car window and shot the guy who was inside. The car was parked outside Hurley's psychiatric hospital. Sayid went in and asked Hurley to come with him, telling him "Bentham's dead." Sayid told Hurley he wanted to take him "somewhere safe." Hurley got up and made one last chess move, and said, "Check mate, Mr. Eko." Mr. Eko?!Back on the island: Jack promised Kate that once they got to the boat, they'd go back for Sawyer. In the hatch, Locke tried to keep Keamy alive but as Keamy breathed his last breath, he told Ben Whidmore would find him. "Not if I find him first," Ben said. The explosive light turned red, meaning it was about to blow, and Jin volunteered to stay with the bomb. During a mad scramble on the deck, they tried to fix the helicopter. Michael sent Jin out and told him to go to his wife. Jin raced around below deck as all the faceless castaways put on life vests and probably jumped off the ship while Jack, Kate, Aaron, Sun, Hurley, Sayid and Desmond got on the chopper with the pilot and flew away. Sun watched helplessly as Jin ran onto the deck too late to get on the helicopter. Below the deck, Michael saw Jack's father Christian, who said, "You can go now, Michael." The ship blew up. A hysterical Sun wanted the helicopter to go back and look for Jin, but there was no chance he was still alive. Jack asked the pilot to go back to the island.Back to the future: Sun was in London "finishing a little business." She saw Whidmore leaving a cafe and approached him. She introduced herself. She told him not to pretend he didn't know who she was. She said they have "common interests," and said that he should call her when he's ready to talk. He asked her why she'd want to help him, but she didn't respond as she walked away.Back on the island: Locke asked Ben why he didn't care that everyone on the boat died. Ben said he let emotions get in the way of good leadership, but it didn't seem very honest. Then, Ben did something that resulted in an explosion inside the vault. On the beach, Juliet watched as Sawyer swam to shore. She was drinking, but said she wasn't celebrating. Then, they both looked into the ocean and saw smoke billowing from the ship that was going to rescue them.In The Orchid, Ben bundled up and told Locke, "We're going somewhere cold." Locke asked where his coat was, but Ben said he wasn't going to the same place. Ben told Locke that "whoever moves the island can never go back." Ben told Locke that Alpert and his "people" were waiting for him, ready and willing to share everything they know and then listen to his every word. Locke walked back out onto the island and was greeted by Alpert and the island people. In The Orchid, Ben walked into a tunnel created by the explosion in the vault. He ended up in a very icy place and started to turn a big, frozen wheel. He looked up and said, "I hope you're happy now, Jacob," and tried forcing the wheel to move. As he cranked the wheel slowly, a familiar, low tone echoed on and around the island, the sky lightened brightly and the island disappeared, leaving a ripple in the middle of the ocean. The helicopter ran out of fuel and crashed into the ocean. Everyone got into a life raft that Sayid had tossed out of the falling helicopter and, after a little scare with Desmond possibly having drowned, Jack brought him to with a little mouth to mouth.Back to the future: Kate was awoken by a middle of the night phone call. There were inaudible whispers on the other end of the call. She woke up, scared, and went into Aaron's room, where she saw Claire sitting next to him. Claire told Kate, "Don't you dare bring him back." Then Kate woke up from her dream. Kate then went into Aaron's room while he was sleeping, and told him, "I'm sorry."Back on the island: On the life raft, Kate was amazed that Aaron made it through the crash. Hurley said he couldn't believe Locke actually was able to move the island. When they saw a boat in the distance, Jack told the group, "We're going to have to lie." He explained the justification for lying to save everyone who was still on the island. Kate said, "We can't pull it off," but Jack said to just let him do the talking. The boat came closer and one of the deck hands called for "Ms. Whidmore." It was Penny! Desmond climbed the rope ladder first and met his long, lost and kissed her long and slow. She said she found him thanks to his phone call and her tracking station. He promised he'd never leave her again. Jack introduced himself to Penny and said, "We have to talk."A week later, Penny's boat was approaching Membata, the island that their PR story had said was the spot where they washed ashore. Hurley asked why they sailed 3,000 miles to another island. Sayid said it was because it was the only way to keep them safe. Jack prepared the life raft that the Oceanic Six would use to float to Membata. Jack said goodbye to Desmond, saying, "I'll see you in another life." They rafted to the island and were welcomed by the villagers.Back to the future: Jack drove to the Hoffs/Drawler Funeral Parlor late at night
but the doors were locked. He busted the door knob and kicked the door in. We went to the mysterious casket and opened it. "Hello Jack," Ben said, startling Jack. Ben and Jack talked about "him" having come and talked to Jack and Kate. "He" told Jack that after he left the island, some very bad things happened and that it was Jack's fault for leaving. "And he said that I have to come back," Jack said. Ben told Jack that the island won't let him come back alone. He had to bring "all" of the castaways back. Jack said he didn't know where Sayid was (he's working for Ben!), Hurley's insane, Sun blames him for ... (he didn't finish), and Kate won't even talk to him anymore. Ben said he had some ideas on how to bring everyone together. Jack seemed to want to go along, but Ben said, "I said all of you. We're going to have to bring him, too."The camera moved slowly over the lid of the mysterious casket, showing that Jeremy Bentham was actually ... wait for it ... wait for it ... Locke!The end.
