Previously on "Lost": The story of Michael losing Walt, then killing Ana Lucia and Libby before helping The Others kidnap Jack, Sawyer, Kate and Hurley for his own freedom was recapped.On the island: Locke and Ben revealed the news that the visitors from the freighter are there for Ben and that their orders are to kill everyone else on the island once they have Ben. Miles' request for $3 million in exchange for his loyalty was brought up again, and he said Ben will find a way to get the money if it means his survival.Ben gave Alex a map to what he called "The Temple," a sanctuary on the island where she, Karl and Rousseau could be safe. After some apprehension, they agreed to trust Ben and follow the map.Back on the ship: An alarm sounded and the captain put a beat down on two men trying to jump ship. Sayid cornered Michael and asked him why he's on the boat. "I'm here to die," he said.Later, Sayid and Desmond got Michael alone again and after he resisted talking to them, Sayid asked him to tell the story of how he ended up on the ship -- starting from the beginning.Flash back: After sitting in a cheap New York apartment and looking longingly at a picture of himself with Walt as a toddler, Michael got into an older-model car that clearly didn't have any air bags, pinned a note to his chest and quickly drove head-on into a dumpster on a pier. He survived and was next seen laying in a hospital bed. He had a nightmare that LIbby was his nurse and freaked out a bit -- rightly so. The real nurse told him she knew the note on his chest was written to Walt, but he didn't want her to call Walt.Michael went to his mother's house, where Walt was staying. She wouldn't let Michael see Walt because Walt didn't want to see him. She then explained that Michael and Walt weren't using their real names and had not explained where they'd been for two months, since the day they were presumed dead in the Oceanic Flight 815 crash. After seeing Walt through a second-floor window, Michael went to a pawn shop and traded a watch Jin had given to him for "a gun with bullets" so he could kill himself. He took the gun into an alley and as he put it under his chin and went to pull the trigger, he was interrupted by "an old friend" -- Mr. Friendly.Friendly figured out that Walt won't talk to Michael because Michael told Walt that he killed Ana Lucia and Libby. Michael saw the wreckage of Oceanic Fight 815 on the news, demanded answers, and Friendly explained that Charles Whidmore planted the wreckage and wants to find the island, which would be deadly for everyone on it. Friendly gave Michael his assignment, to join the crew of Whidmore's ship as "Kevin Johnson." He warned that if Whidmore found the island, everyone on it would die. Michael's job was to kill everyone on board the ship.When Michael, as Kevin Johnson, reported to the ship he first met George, the communications technician we met a week earlier on the ship. He then met Naomi, the first of the ship's crew to parachute onto the island at the end of Season 3, and Miles and other now familiar faces. He was shown a crate that was delivered for him.After a little time on the ship, Michael still had some doubts about his job. But after watching some guys skeet shooting off the deck of the ship using assault rifles, he realized he wasn't on a rescue mission. He took his package below deck and opened it to reveal what appeared to be a bomb. He saw a flash of Libby again, who warned him, "don't do it." But he set it anyway and 15 seconds later a simple note popped up that read, "Not Yet."Later, Ben called Michael on the ship, claiming the call was from Walt. Ben told him there are people on the boat who are innocent, which was why he didn't want the bomb to detonate. Then, Ben laid out the step by step plan to sabotage the ship: make a list of names of people on the ship, give Ben the list, then disable the communication room, then take out the engines. Michael agreed to do it and Ben told him to consider himself "one of the good guys."Back on the ship: After hearing the story, Sayid asked Michael to confirm that he works for Ben. Michael did, and Sayid took Michael, forcibly, into the captain's office and gave Michael up. He told the captain Michael's real name, explained that Michael was a passenger on Flight 815, told the captain Michael is working for Ben and called him a traitor.On the island: Alex, Karl and Rousseau continued looking for the temple and suddenly arrows were flying at them. Carl was shot first, then Rousseau, which left Alex alone. She gave herself up, declaring "I'm Ben's daughter!"The End.
