Previously on...: Lawyers asked Kate for tests to see if Aaron was her son, Ben fessed up to being the one who ordered the tests. Charlotte passed out and had a bloody nose. Locke decided to bring the Oceanic 6 back to the island to get the time shifts to stop. Jin washed up on the island's shore and met a young Danielle Rousseau.'Come home, mama': Sun, while watching the heated exchange between Jack, Ben and Kate, called her daughter, who asked her to come home. Sun got out of the car and confronted Ben, pointing a gun at him. Ben said he didn't kill Jin. "He's not dead," Ben said. "Jin's still alive and I can prove it."Morning, Jin!: One of Rousseau's men listened to static on a radio, but the numbers, "8, 15, 16, 23, 42" could be heard coming out of it. Jin was shocked when Rousseau told him the year was 1988. The men asked Jin if there was a radio tower. He said there was, but he had to go to his camp. Jin agreed to help them find the radio tower, then look for his camp. Rousseau asked Jin who he was hoping to find."My wife," he said.They walked through the jungle as the numbers continued coming out of a recorded voice on the radio. A very pregnant Rousseau felt a strong kick from her baby, which her man called "Alexander." She said it was "Alexandra," because she was going to be a girl.The group lost a member, Nadine. Then, noises started rumbling through the trees. The rumbling grew more intense and they asked Jin what it was."Monster," he said.The group set out to look for Nadine when they heard an explosion and the roaring of what we already knew was the smoke monster. Suddenly, a loud shake and a dead Nadine dropped from a tree.The smoke monster then appeared and grabbed one of the men -- who had been particularly mean to Jin -- and pulled him with massive force into the ground at the foot of a tree. Jin and a couple of the man's friends tried to save him by holding his arm as he was pulled into the ground by the smoke monster, but it pulled so hard that, in the end, it ripped the man from his arm, which his friend held while the man disappeared.Then, the man started talking from somewhere underground, saying he was hurt and the monster was gone. "I need help," the man cried. Two of the man's friends started crawling into the hole in the ground. Rousseau was about to follow when Jin stopped her and told her not to go with the baby.The high-pitched buzzing began and another flash of light followed. Rousseau looked at Jin and asked, "What's wrong?" Before he could answer, the flash was complete and Jin was alone. But the severed arm, decayed, was still on the ground.Jin saw a plume of smoke in the distance and followed it. He walked to the shore and saw a burning fire and a musical box playing. There was a small camp set up. Two men laid on the ground, dead, with maggots and flies all over them. Jin heard voices in the distance. It was Rousseau and her man, Robert, fighting. Rousseau was pointing a gun at him, telling him he wasn't the same man. The monster had changed him, she said. When she put her gun down, Robert tried to shoot her, but his gun got jammed. Rousseau shot him in the head.She saw Jin and said, "You disappeared! You're sick, too. You're a carrier." She shot at Jin, who ran, and another flash of light took him to another place in time. Then, another gun cocked behind him and a familiar voice said, "Turn around, slowly." It was Sawyer! They hugged and laughed."I thought you were dead," Sawyer said."Where is Sun?" Jin askedSawyer tried to explain the time travel thing to Jin, who got frustrated and asked Charlotte to translate. She said Jin wanted to know how they were sure Sun was off the island. Locke explained to Jin, through Charlotte, that they were headed to Orchid station in an effort to ultimately bring Sun and the rest of the group back.'Is that what this is about?' As Ben tried to explain to Sun that there was someone in L.A. who could prove Jin was alive and show them how to get back to the island, everything fell apart. Kate got upset and asked, "Is that what this is about?" She yelled at Jack and said he knew about it and pretended to care about Aaron to get her to go along with it. Kate got in her car and peeled out.Sayid, also angry, said he didn't want any part of it. "If I see you (pointing at Jack) or him (at Ben) again, it will be extremely unpleasant for all of us."Sun agreed to go with Ben to wherever it was they could see proof that Jin was alive.'It's a one-man job': Jin wanted to go with Locke off the island, but Locke said it was "a one-man job." Still, he promised to bring Sun back.Faraday asked Charlotte if she knew any other languages."Just Klingon," she said.'This place is death': Charlotte seemed to have another brief episode before a flash of light happened. It was followed by another quick one and Charlotte fell to the ground, her nose bleeding. Sawyer noticed blood coming out of Juliet's nose, and she saw some coming out of his.Charlotte started saying something to Jin in Korean, then said, "Don't let them bring her back, no matter what. This place is death!"'I'm sorry': Jack apologized to Sun for leaving Jin behind. She asked if he was apologizing so that she wouldn't kill Ben if he was lying about Jin."For what he just did to Kate," Jack said, "if you don't do it, I will."Ben screeched the car to a stop and said, "What I'm doing is helping you, and if you had any idea what I've done to keep you safe, to keep your friends safe, then you would never stop thanking me."Sun told him to drive.'What the hell is she talking about?': Charlotte started talking gibberish. Locke wanted to keep walking, but Faraday refused to leave Charlotte behind. She said they should go without her. There was another flash. She said Locke was right and they should go.Sawyer asked Locke that if they don't even know "when" they are, what would they do if the Orchid station wasn't there. Charlotte said, "Look for the well."Locke and the gang kept walking, but Faraday stayed with Charlotte. Miles wiped blood from his nose.They found the station and Locke said, "We're here.""Thank God," Juliet said. "What are the odds that we're here the same time as this thing?"Then, a flash, and the Orchid station was gone."You just had to say somethin'," Sawyer told her.Locke turned around and found the well. "How the hell did Charlotte know this was here?" Miles asked. Locke, too, looked stunned.'I remember something': Back where the group left them, Charlotte told Faraday she grew up on the island as part of the Dharma Initiative and she moved away with her mom. "I never saw my dad again," she said. Her mom would later tell her the island wasn't real and that she made it up. She said it was why she became an anthropologist, to find the island.Faraday asked why she was telling him this. She said she remembered something."There was this man," she said. "A crazy man, he really scared me. He told me that one day I should leave the island and never, ever come back. He told me that if I came back, I would die."Faraday said he didn't understand."Daniel," she said, "I think that man was you."All's well that ends well? Locke decided to go down into the well to find a way off the island. Jin told Locke not to bring Sun back because "this island is bad." He threatened to cut the rope going down the well. Locke told him not to do that and promised he wouldn't bring Sun back. When he asked Jin what he should do if Sun found him, Jin said he should tell her he died, washed up on the island and was buried. Then he took off his wedding band and handed it to Locke, saying, "Proof."Locke climbed into the well and descended down the rope. Juliet thanked him, just in case whatever he was trying to do actually worked.As Locke rappelled down the rope, there was another sound and a flash. Sawyer reached for the rope and told Locke to hang on. The flash happened and Locke crashed to the ground and screamed in pain. Sawyer still held on to the rope, which was now coming up out of the dirt on the ground. The well was gone. Sawyer started frantically digging, but Juliet told him to stop. "We can't help him," she said.'I've got a plan': Faraday told Charlotte that he told Desmond back at the hatch to find his mother. He said his mother could help.Charlotte coughed and her eyes went blank. She said, "I'm not allowed to have chocolate before dinner," which Daniel didn't understand. Charlotte died.'Can anyone hear me?' Locke was still in pain, in a dark, underground space with something sticking up out of his leg. Then he heard footsteps. It was Christian Shepherd.He told Locke the whole deal, that he had to go get his friends to come back to the island -- all of them -- and a woman named Eloise Hawking would show him how to get back."Richard said I was going to die," Locke said."I supposed that's why they call it a sacrifice," Christian said.Christian pointed Locke toward "a wheel that's slipped off its axis. All you've got to do is give it a little push."Locke grunted and moaned as he tried to get up. He asked Christian if he could help him up and Christian said, "No, I can't."Locke got up and painfully made his way to the wheel. He pushed it and all kinds of noise and flash and havoc resulted.Christian said, "Say hello to my son" as the light increased."Who's your son?" Locke asked. There was no answer as the screen went white.With this ring...: Jack, Ben and Sun arrived at a church and Ben handed Sun the ring.He asked Sun to decide if she was going to come with him to see the woman who can help them get back to the island."Yes," she said.Suddenly, Desmond called to them from the distance and asked, "What are you doing here?""I assume the same thing you are," Ben said."You're looking for Faraday's mother, too?" Desmond said.They walked into the church and Eloise said, "I thought I said all of them."Ben said this (Jack and Sun) was all he could get on short notice."Well, I suppose it will have to do, for now," she said. "Alright. Let's get started."Boom.
