With Bob's life hanging in the balance, the group prepares to fight back against Gareth and his group of cannibals.
During Gareth's barbecue with Bob's leg, Bob starts laughing and discloses that he had been bitten by a walker, and Gareth kicks his head. Sasha finds Bob unconscious and the survivors bring him to the church. Bob tells the truth to his friends and Sasha stays with him while Rick plots the defense of the church against Gareth and the other cannibals. Father Gabriel tells that he is damned and reveals what had happened in the church. Meanwhile there is tension in the group since Sargeant Abraham Ford wants to head to Washington with Eugene and Rosita in the church bus while Rick wants to wait for Daryl and Carol. When Rick and his friends leave the church to chase Gareth and his gang, the cannibals break in the church and the small group that stays there is threatened.
Bob has some interesting news for his captors, the survivors who ran Terminus. They in turn have a plan that they hope will end their feud with Rick and the others once and for all and it starts with returning Bob to them. The group is happy to have Bob return but realize it is to be short-lived. Father Gabriel reveals what he did to earn the hatred of his flock. Rick decides to meet the threat from the Terminus group head on but first must convince some of the group to stay on for one more night.
After Bob had awoken on the camp of the last few survivors of Terminus to find out that they had feasted on his leg, he laughs hysterically at the cannibals to reveal he had been bitten on the shoulder, to then be knocked out with a punt kick to the face by Gareth. The group at the church then take notice of his disappearance and suspect their untrustworthy host, Gabriel, who reveals that he had locked out people in the beginning of the outbreak. Bob's body, still alive, was discovered by outside, and then they took him in, and he revealed he had been bitten and that the people of Terminus had took him captive. Rick then discusses a plan to invade their camp, but tension builds as Abraham wants to leave on the church bus but Rick wants to wait for the rest of their group to return. Once they leave the church, the cannibals invade and the group that had stayed are threatened. Although the cannibals' plan is going well, they realize how wrong they were to mess with Rick's group.
