Rick receives a mysterious phone call. Andrea grows closer to The Governor. Merle tries to hunt down Michonne.
At the prison, Rick is surprised by a ringing telephone after his rampage against the walkers. The callers won't identify themselves or say where they are other than they are in a very safe place. While Rick comes to terms with his own demons, Daryl, Carl and Oscar go to clear out other areas of the prison. Just when he thinks he's done, Daryl makes an amazing discovery. In Woodbury, the Governor sends Merle and three others to track down and kill Michone. They don't have much luck but Merle comes across Glenn and Maggie who were out looking for baby formula. Meanwhile, the Governor and Andrea become better acquainted.
Merle hunts down Michonne with a three-man team, but she surprises them, killing Tim and Crowley and only Merle and the rookie Gargulio survive. Rick receives a phone call from a woman that tells that her group is in a safe place far away and Rick asks to join them telling that he has a baby. Two hours later, Rick is contacted by a man and after a short conversation, the stranger hangs up and Rick tells only to Hershel. Andrea stays in Woodbury and asks to stay on the watch on the wall. When a walker comes, she jumps to stab the zombie and the Governor tells her that she can not work on the wall again. They drink whiskey and have a love affair. Merle and Gargulio proceed their hunting and when they find Michonne, they are attacked by walkers and the wounded Michonne escapes. Merle decides to lie to the Governor, telling that they had murdered Michonne. Gargulio does not agree and Merle kills his colleague. Meanwhile Daryl goes with Carl and a prisoner to check the cell block and he has a great surprise. Rick receives a third call and the woman surprisingly knows his name and on the next call, he discovers with whom he is talking to. Michonne sees Maggie and Glenn in a town searching for powdered milk and supplies; out of the blue, they are surprised by Merle.
