Dale confronts Hershel after Glenn tells him about the walkers in the barn. Meanwhile, Lori struggles to come to terms with her pregnancy, and Shane tries to teach Andrea how to use weapons.
Now that Glenn knows there are walkers in the barn, Maggie begs him not to tell anyone. Hershel believes that those walkers, which include family members, are just sick and may someday be cured. Hershel's isn't the only secret Glenn is asked to keep as Lori asks him to go into town and get something for her from the pharmacy again. Shane and Andrea head off to a nearby housing development in search of Sophia and their encounter with walkers leads to a new phase in their relationship. Lori finally breaks down and tells Rick that she is pregnant after he finds evidence and confronts her.
Carl asks his parents to let Shane teach him how to shoot, and after some hesitation, Rick and Lori consent. Glenn tells Dale about the walkers in the barn and Lori's pregnancy. Dale seeks out Hershel and discusses the subject with him. Dale learns that Hershel's wife and son-in-law are among the walkers trapped in the barn. Lori finds that Hershel wants them to move from his farm and she asks Rick how long he has known Hershel's intention. Shane presses Andrea to shoot moving targets and she is upset with him. He invites Andrea to go with him to search for Sophia. Dale talks with Lori about her pregnancy. and she tells that she has not told Rick yet. Lori asks Glenn to bring her something from the pharmacy and he goes to the town with Maggie. Maggie tells him that the walkers in the barn are her mother and friends and Hershel believes that they are sick and can be cured. Out of the blue, she is attacked by a walker and Glenn defends her. Maggie delivers abortion pills to Lori. Shane and Andrea break into a house trying to find Sophia and are surrounded by walkers. After they shoot their way out they have sex in the car. When they arrive at the farm, the jealous Dale suspects of them and has a conversation with Shane.
Glenn tells Dale that Lori is pregnant and there are numerous walkers in the Greene barn. Dale confronts Hershel about hoarding walkers in his barn. Meanwhile, Lori agonizes over the decision of whether to terminate her pregnancy or keep the baby.
