Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes awakens from a coma, and searches for his family in a world ravaged by the undead.
Some time after being shot on duty, Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes awakens in hospital to find it deserted with bodies strewn everywhere. He returns to his home to find it abandoned but believes his wife and son may still be alive. He meets Morgan Jones and his son Duane who explain to him that the world has been overrun with zombies (aka walkers). The disease usually started with an infection and high fever followed by re-animation. The creatures are attracted to sound and eat flesh to survive. Morgan tells him that he thinks there is a refugee center in Atlanta and Rick sets off in the hope of finding his wife and child. Once there, he finds himself surrounded by the undead with little apparent hope of escaping.....until he hears a voice over the radio.
Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes and his partner and best friend Shane Walsh are summoned to form a police roadblock to stop a runaway car. Rick is shot by a criminal and goes into a coma. When Rick awakens in the hospital, he finds that he is alone in the abandoned hospital and sees several bodies everywhere. He wanders along the empty streets trying to find his wife and son and stumbles with Morgan Jones and his son Duane that explain him that the world has ended and now there are only walkers, zombies that are attracted by sound and smell of the survivors. Rick heads to Atlanta in the police car to seek out his family but he runs out of gas on the road. He sees a horse in a farm and rides to the city. Out of the blue, he is surrounded by walkers that eat his horse. He seeks refugee in a military tank and he hears a message on the radio.
Deputy sheriff Rick grimes wakes up from a coma following a near fatal accident but the world he wakes up to is not the one that he remembers. With the streets abandoned and his family gone rick grimes comes to the realisation that he has woken up to a world where the dead have risen and are determined to wipe out the rest of the population. Rick will have to fight the undead to find his family and uncover the truth as to what has become of his world and if there is a way to cure it.
After getting shot on duty, sheriff Rick Grimes ends up in a hospital for a while. When he woke up, the hospital was abandoned and Rick had no idea what's going on. As no one was in the hospital to help him, Rick goes home in order to find his wife and son, but they aren't there anymore. Two survivors, Morgan and Duane tell Rick more about the zombie apocalypse since he was in coma when it all happened. Rick heads to Atlanta looking for a refugee center, but he ends up surrounded by a group of zombies which were busy eating a dead horse. Rick enters a tank and hears someone talking to him.
