As Rick and the group debate their next course of action, Andrea tries to negotiate with them. Meanwhile, The Governor prepares Woodbury for battle.
Andrea sees the Governor preparing the dwellers of Woodbury to attack the prison and she decides to sneak out to visit Rick and the survivors to convince them to make an agreement with the Governor. She asks Milton to help her and the minion discloses her plan to the Governor that orders him to help her. Milton helps Andrea to capture a walker and they stumble with Tyreese group that Rick had expelled from the prison. Milton brings them to Woodbury and they offer to help the Governor in the war against Rick. Meanwhile, in the prison, Rick and his group are protecting the prison that is under siege of walkers with short supply and ammunition. When Andrea arrives, she has a cold reception by her former friends that do not trust on her. Carol is the only one that really welcomes her and asks her to kill The Governor. Andrea blames Michonne telling that she poisoned the survivors against her and she returns to Woodbury.
After the attack on the prison, Rick and the others have to decide what to do next. Rick is still recovering from his breakdown and the prison is again overrun with walkers. Andrea meanwhile is upset to learn of the shootout at the prison. The Governor assures her that it was Rick and his group who started the fighting. Now he says they have no choice but to attack the prison and eliminate their enemy. Andrea wants the opportunity to speak to her old friends and the Governor eventually agrees. She finds that her old friends aren't very welcoming as they're not sure they can trust her. She of course gets the truth about the attack and Carol suggests she kill the Governor in his sleep.
Rick and the group debate their next course of action as they find themselves running out of ammunition and food, while The Governor prepares Woodbury for battle. Meanwhile, Andrea decides to travel to the prison to negotiate with Rick's group.
