In Atlanta, Rick is rescued by a group of survivors, but they soon find themselves trapped inside a department store surrounded by walkers.
Rescued from his precarious situation, Rick meets a band of scavengers who have made their way to Atlanta to get supplies for their larger group that lives in a makeshift camp just outside the city. They're trapped in a department store with hundreds of zombies trying to break down the door to at them. Tensions are high and Rick ends up handcuffing one of them, a redneck named Merle Dixon, to keep him from killing someone. They try to escape through the sewers without success and Rick comes up with a clever scheme to draw the zombies away from their location. They have to leave one man behind however.
Rick is guided by his rescuer, Glenn. They head to a department store where they meet a group of survivors that has come to Atlanta to seek supplies. They advise that Rick brought the attention of the geeks (zombies) and now they are trapped inside the building under siege of many walkers that are trying to break in the department store. They stay on the roof and the violent racist Merle Dixon wastes ammunition and hits the survivor T-Dog. Rick controls the situation and handcuffs Merle on the support of a piping. Rick learns that the zombies are attracted by sound and the human smell, so he tears the walker into pieces and uses his guts to cover the overcoat and gloves that Glenn and he are wearing. They deceive the zombies and get a truck to bring the survivors back to their camp. But Merle Dixon is left behind.
In the countryside outskirts of Atlanta, Shane Walsh sneaks out of refugees camp to make out. He wisely stops his emotional gang mates, mainly women, from rushing to one's sister's aid, as that would come too late but put all of them needlessly in grave danger. In the city, slick young Asian Glenn cues Rick Grimes just in time to flee from the beleaguered tank and join his living group, which thus becomes beleaguered themselves. Internal bickering complicates any hope of defense or escape, but they soldier on and escape from the city with few casualties left behind.
