We enter where we left off on the Season 4 finale. Ross says Rachel's name at the altar instead of his finace, Emily's. Everyone is shocked and appalled to hear this. Ross tells the priest to go on, and after he and Emily walk back down the isle and get out of the room, she socks him in the stomach. Opening theme music plays. We are now in a house (I think it's either the hotel they are staying at or Ross and Emily's supposed new home) and Emily is in the bathroom. Emily says "I hate you!" angrily and Ross replies with, "And I love YOU!" Monica and Chandler are over by the buffet getting their food. Chandler mentions how they were gonna meet up that night and how it could ruin their friendship if they do meet up. Monica agrees, then asks if they can keep having sex while in London, because it's a "foreign country". They agree to meet down at the wine cellar, but before Monica can go, Rachel stops her and announces that she is going to ask Ross what he thought it meant when he accidentally said her name. At first Monica says stuff she doesn't mean to get Rachel out of her way, however she realizes that she should talk her out of this bad idea. She says not to do that, because Ross is married. Just when she is about to go down to the wine cellar, Chandler comes back up and tells her that idea's off, because Emily's father was giving a (drunken) tour of the wine cellar. Next we see Rachel asking Ross if he think saying her name meant something, and he said no (not very reassuringly, however). Rachel says something that leads them to run into the bathroom to check on Emily. They find that she escaped out the window like Rachel did at her wedding to Barry. Monica and Chandler have gone upstairs to Monica's room, and they walk in together; however, Rachel is sitting on the bed, too hung up in the whole "wrong name" mess to notice that her two friends walked into a BEDROOM TOGETHER. She ends up staying there when Phoebe calls, wanting to talk about Ross saying her name, so Monica and Chandler go into Chandler's room. They get inside and even begin undressing when Joey tries to open the door because he wants to have sex with the bridesmaid. He says, "Let me in! I've got a girl out here!" and when Chandler replies, "Well I've got a girl in here!" Joey says, "No you dont, I saw you go in there with Monica." They argue back and forth, Monica saying they're watching a movie (My Giant), and Joey says he loves that movie, so the two of them leave once again. We see them busting into the honeymoon suite and debating whether it is right or not to have sex in there. They are undoing the covers when Ross barges in, wanting to settle down and wait for Emily rather than looking for her. Monica and Chandler get ready to leave when Ross says he wants them there. They apparently sit there all night awake as Ross sleeps, and in the morning they decide to go for it. However they are delayed once again due to a knock on the door. Ross thinks that it's Emily, but it's really her parents. They've come for their things and say that Emily went into hiding. They leave and we go to the next scene, which is on the plane. Monica and Chandler are talking about not getting to do it again, and Chandler says they are still overseas and therefore it counts. So Monica goes to the bathroom to wait for Chandler when Joey sits down next to him and keeps him there talking about wanting to be a great actor until Monica comes back thirty minutes later, furious at Chandler. He just makes a face like, "What can you do?" and we go to next scene. We are back in New York, Phoebe is in Monica and Rachel's apartment eating food off her stomach (she is pregnant, that is why she didn't go to the wedding in London). She turns to Joey and says, "You ate meat!" then she turns to Monica and Chandler and says, "You had sex!" to whcih they simultaneously say, "No we didn't!" Phoebe replies, "I know you didn't, I meant Monica." still, Monica denies it. Phoebe then goes home while Joey goes to feed the chick and the duck. Monica and Chandler are (ironically) now alone (it's ironic because they have the "not in New York" rule). They talk and Monica says the night meant a lot to her because some guy thought she was Ross' mother. Chandler says it meant a lot to him also, not because he was going through a bad time, but because he thinks she's "really hot". Monica laugsh and when Chandler prompts her, she says, "And you're cute, too!" So Chandler goes to unpack. He goes out the door; Monica walks up to it, then turns away. But before she can get far he comes back in and says, "I'm still on London time, does that count?" She says, "Oh that counts." and they kiss, thus starting their relationship that would last through the rest of Friends and result in them getting married and adopting twins. In the last scene, Ross sees Rachel at the airport. She's waiting for a flight home to New York and he doesn't want to go to Athens without Emily. He then suggests that Rachel go with him instead, and she agrees. They go to board, however he leaves his jacket so Rachel goes ahead while Ross goes back to get his jacket off the seat. He then sees Emily standing there and chases after her. In the scene after the ending, Rachel is sitting on the plane when she realizes that Ross is not coming.
