Walter is under Gus's car, removing the explosive device that's magnetically stuck to the frame. He goes to see Jesse in the hospital, still holding a bag with the bomb inside. While Walter asks him to think of a place where they'll be able to sneak up on Gus, two detectives approach and ask to have words with Jesse about Brock.The detectives tell Jesse the doctors are starting to think that Brock may have been poisoned and the detectives are curious as to how Jesse may know that it is ricin. First stalling, eventually Jesse calls Saul, his lawyer.Meanwhile, Saul's assistant is shredding office documents, all the while ignoring the ringing telephone. There's a pounding at the front door, then the sound of shattering glass. It is Walter, who has broken in in hopes of locating Saul. Tired of another Walter White "emergency" she tells him he can have Saul's number for $20,000. Walter argues. She tells him $25,000. Walter leaves angrily.Walter drives to his house to get the money. He stops and sits a block from his house, unsure if it's safe to go in. He calls a neighbor and asks her if she can check his place for him. When she gets inside he sees two men appear from the rear and leave.Walter rushes inside and goes straight for the cash in the crawl space. The two men re-enter with guns drawn just as Walter is making his escape out a basement side vent.Jesse continues to tell the detectives he was just being helpful and he only knew about the ricin from an episode of "House M.D. (2004)" Saul shows up and chases them away. He said the FBI is going to show up because of the ricin but thinks Jesse may be safer in jail since Walter was almost killed.Saul gives Walter word from Jesse that Gus has been visiting Tio Salamanca at a nursing home. Walt doesn't think much of it until Saul tells him that Gus has only visited to torture him. Walt realizes that Gus and Tio are enemies.Walt goes to visit Tio (Mark Margolis) who is furious to see him. But Walt tells the old man that he knows there's somebody he hates more. He offers him an opportunity for revenge.Tio tells a nurse through their letter-by-letter method of communicating that he "need DEA," but she doesn't initially seem to understand that the second word is an acronym.Walter Jr. calls Walt to ask when he's coming. Marie grabs the phone and demands he come immediately.Gomez drops by Hank's place. Hank is still looking at the laundry, having discovered the location consumes double the power it should. Gomez tells Hank they have a guy with information he'll only give to Hank in person. It's Tio and he's been there at DEA HQ for three hours. Marie thinks this is a ploy to get Hank in the open, but Gomez doesn't think so.Hank drops by the office to see Tio. Tio starts to spell out "Suck my" before they stop him. He starts again and spells the letter's "f," "u," and "c" before they stop him again.Tyrus is watching the DEA office and reports to Gus that Tio just left.Tio returns to his room at the nursing home and Walt is waiting for him. He says "let's get to work."Tyrus drops by the nurse home and goes to Tio's room. As he sweeps for bugs we see Walter hiding outside the window. He escapes once Tyrus leaves.Jesse is told that he's free to go. Apparently there was no ricin found in Brock's tox screen. Outside while walking down the street, Jesse is hit with a stun gun and pushed into a waiting minivan.Gus is given word that Jesse has been taken and that there is no surveillance near Tio. Gus says he's on his way. When Tyrus says he thinks it's better if he takes care of it, Gus responds "I do this."Gus arrives at the nursing home. He's given word that it's "all clear" and heads inside. Gus enters Tio's room and Tyrus turns Tio around to face him. Gus rebukes him for talking to the DEA. Tyrus prepares a syringe. As Gus prepares to inject the old man, he freezes as Tio finally makes eye contact, snarling wordlessly at him and repeatedly striking his little bell. The camera tilts down to reveal the bomb placed on the underside of Tio's wheelchair. With a start, Gus realizes the trap, yells and leaps to his feet. The ensuing explosion blows the door out into the hallway. Startlingly, Gus walks out the room immediately, apparently unharmed as seen in profile. He stops to adjust his tie. Nursing home aides arrive and gasp at the sight of him. The camera dollies in quickly and pans to show Gus from the front, his skull clearly visible. He falls dead, with what's left of the wheelchair -- plus a leg -- visible in the room.Walt listens in his car as a news report says "as many as three people" were killed in a nursing room explosion.Jesse is cooking under close watch. The freight elevator buzzer sounds and a threatened Jesse is made to handcuff himself to a tank. Using another of Gus's men as a screen, Walter fatally shoots both men. Walter finds Jesse and says "Gus is dead. We've got work to do." The two use axes to saturate the lab with flammables and rig a timer to create a spark. They walk upstairs, wiping down away any possible fingerprints. They trigger the fire alarm and chase out the laundry staff, just ahead of the inferno.Atop the hospital parking garage a tearful Jesse tells Walter that Brock is going to pull through. It turns out the kid ate Lily of the Valley berries, which according to the doctors is a common accidental poisoning among children there because the berries are sweet. Even though Gus didn't poison Brock, Jesse says that Gus "still had to go," and Walt reassures him on that. They shake hands firmly and Jesse leaves.The DEA and Hank's family are gathered around the TV as news breaks out, confirming the three deaths. Walter calls Skyler and when she asks how he is, tells her he's "doing quite well." She tells him about Gus being dead. He says "It's over. We're safe." She asks if he was the one who did it. He responds only that "I won." Walter leaves, pausing by Gus's car on the way.Poolside in Walter's backyard, the camera zooms on a single potted plant sporting a tag identifying it as "Lily of the Valley."
