We open in an abandoned Mexican barn of some kind that has been turned into a makeshift hospital facility. One of the doctors gets a call and they go running outside. Jesse speeds towards them honking his horn. He opens the passenger door where Mike sits, but the doctors go right to Gus in the back seat. Gus is given an injection and brought inside.While they work on Gus Jesse drags Mike into the room. Blood is bouring from one of Mike's pant legs. Jesse yells that "this man" needs help. One of the doctors tells him that "this man," referring to Gus, "pays my salary."With Tyrus looking on Walt finishes a cook. He asks about the Mexican trip and tells Tyrus that if Jesse is out he will quit. Walt asks Tyrus about Hank wanting to visit Gus's processing center and wonders if he should be the one to take him there.Hank and Walt sit in a car near Gus's processing center. Hank looks at the building through binoculars. Walt asks Hank what he's heard recently and he references a big "power play" in Mexico. Hanks wants to know what happened to Walt's face. Walt says he's done explaining himself.With Mike now getting treatment the doctor explains to Jesse that they were prepared to treat all three of them -- complete medical histories, type-specific blood on hand, etc. Gus seems okay and tells Jesse it's time to go. Mike will need to stay another week and Gus tells Jesse they will send for him.Gus and Jesse are going to walk six miles to a waiting car that will take them into Texas. As they begin Gus tells Jesse he has proven that he can run the lab by himself. When Jesse tells Gus he should pay off Walt rather than kill him, Gus says "you know that won't work." Jesse responds: "Then you've got a problem."Ted leaves Skyler a message on her machine. He says he can't do the thing they've discussed.Skyler shows up at Ted's place. She's told him about Walt's gambling and says she wants him to help her out. Ted would like to pay her back and writes a check made out to Skyler. He says he feels uncomfortable paying off his debt with illicit gambling winnings. She points out that he was cooking his books and if he doesn't pay the government will come after both of them and will come after her business. Ted says that paying off his debt won't change his situation, almost implying that he needs more money from her. She rips up his check and demands he write another one to the IRS. She fights him but he doesn't seem to budge.In the car out front Skyler places a call to Saul.Gus pays Tio a visit. He shows him Don Eladio's necklace and reads off the list of people he killed. That list that includes Tio's grandson Joaquin, the man Jesse shot during the escape. Jesse walks into the room and Gus points out that it was Jesse who killed him. Tio refuses to look at Gus.Walt picks up Hank. He asks him about the Mexican incident. Hank takes him to an "industrial laundry," which is owned by the same German company that owns Pollos Hermanos. Walt says it sounds "kind of thin." Hank mentions that the company manufactures the equipment that Gale purchased and has connections to Gus. Walt blows past the turn, then jerks the car into oncoming traffic, causing a major accident.We see Hank laid up in bed with a neck brace talking to Skyler and Walter Jr. Walt drops by with what looks like a broken nose. He apologizes for the accident, which Hank calls a "brain fart." Marie wants this to mean the end of Walt taking him on stakeouts. In a week Hank will get a Tahoe with hand controls.Saul calls Skyler and tells her that Ted doesn't own a gun or have a panic button. She doesn't want anybody hurt, but needs Ted to write the check.Saul's muscle shows up at Ted's place. They explain that he needs to write a check to the IRS. Ted writes the check and signs the slip for UPS. One of the guys tells Ted that they are now going to wait with him at his house until the check clears. At this point Ted makes a run for it. He trips on a loose rug, which we had noticed before, and crashes head first into a desk. He lies face down with his fingers twitching.Walt is brought to the lab in a laundry truck. With Tyrus overseeing things Walt notices that somebody has cooked while he was gone. He asks who was in the lab.Cut to Jesse's place, where Jesse is hanging out with Andrea and her kid. Walt shows up and Jesse pushes him onto the lawn. Walt confronts him about cooking without him. He tells Jesse that if Jesse replaces Walt, Gus will kill Walt. Jesse criticizes him for taking Hank to the lab. Jesse goes inside and Walt turns around to see Tyrus holding a stun gun.Cut to the middle of the desert, presumably the following day. Gus arrives and pulls a blindfold off of Walt's head. Gus tells Walt that he is fired and warns him to stay away from Jesse. Walt responds "or else you'll do what?" and points out that if Gus could kill him he'd already be dead. Gus realizes that Jesse won't cook for him if he kills Walt. Gus admits he is right, "for now." He says that Walt failed to deal with Hank so now he must do it himself. If Walt intervenes, Gus threatens to kill Walt's family. They leave Walt there.Saul meets with his guys, who refer to what happened to Ted as "an act of God." Walt bursts into the room. He tells Saul about Gus's threat and says he needs to be connected with the guy who disappears people. Saul says there is no coming back from this and it will cost half a million cash for four people. He gives him the card for a vacuum cleaner repair company. Walt is supposed to call and ask for an extremely specific repair, which will set things in motion. Walt needs to have his family packed and have the money ready before he calls. Walt tells Saul to call the DEA and tell them there is hit out on Hank.Walt races home, goes to the crawl space and starts grabbing cash. He mutters "it's not enough." Skyler comes home and asks what his phone call meant. He looks up and asks where the rest of the money is and she tells him she gave it to Ted. Walt begins to weep, then starts cackling maniacally. The phone rings. It goes to voicemail and a panicked Marie says Hank is being threatened and the DEA is sending agents to guard their home. With Walt still laughing Skyler picks up the phone and asks her to explain what's going on. Still in the crawl space, Walt appears to pass out as the episode ends.
