We open with a flashback of Gale using a green box cutter to unpack the new equipment for the meth lab. Gus arrives and asks him how things are coming along. Gale says he is excited to be working with such high quality equipment. Gus wants the lab ready to go in two weeks. We see that Gale has a folder labeled "Lab Notes". Gale mentions the blue meth that Gus had him test. He tells Gus that his own meth is 96% pure but this blue meth is 99% pure. Gale says there's a huge difference between the two and that Gus should hire whoever made the blue meth.Jesse stands in Gale's doorway, right after he has fired the gun. Cut to a few moments later, Jesse is gone, a neighbor has called the police and several people are looking into the apartment. Victor runs in and checks Gale's body. We see that Gale has been shot through the eye and he is very dead. Victor exits the apartment and sees a stunned Jesse still sitting in his car. Victor pulls his own gun, gets into Jesse's car, and tells him to drive.Victor returns to the lab with Jesse. Mike asks Victor what happened and he says that Gale is dead. Victor tells Mike that several people were already at the scene when he arrived so he couldn't search the apartment for evidence. Victor says that witnesses saw him go in to check the body, though he didn't think it was a big deal. Mike calls Gus.Marie shows up at Skyler's place to deliver more of Hank's hospital bills. She worries that the bills are too much but Skyler assures her that they can afford to pay them. Marie mentions that Walt's car is in the driveway and intimates that Skyler and Walt are back together. Skyler is surprised about Walt's car but doesn't show it. Marie leaves. Skyler goes out to Walt's car, finds the spare key, and moves the car a few blocks away.Back at the lab, Walt tells Mike and Victor that if they don't start a cook in the next ten minutes they'll be off schedule. Walt says this will make Gus even angrier than the fact that Gale is dead. Victor stands up, takes off his jacket, and starts turning on machines. To Walt's surprise, Victor begins to cook.Skyler calls Saul's office. When his secretary goes back to find him, she finds Saul on all fours, desperately looking for hidden listening devices. We cut to Saul and his bodyguard at a pay phone. Skyler tells Saul that Walt is missing. Saul tells Skyler that everything is okay and guarantees 100% that Walt is fine. The second that Saul hangs up, he turns to his bodyguard and says "You got a passport, right?"Skyler goes to Walt's condo and finds it locked. She calls a locksmith. When he arrives, she tells him her purse was stolen so she can't get in. The locksmith says he can't legally open the door for her without identification. Skyler hands him her crying baby and fakes a panic attack. He finally lets her in and leaves. Skyler searches the condo but doesn't seem to find anything.Marie comes home to find Hank propped up in bed, using a laptop. Hank is bidding online for some type of crystal or mineral. Marie asks him about his therapy but he is sullen and complains about his lack of progress. Marie helps him use a bedpan.Walt watches as Victor continues to cook meth. Gus arrives. Without saying a word, he descends the stairs, walks to the rack of lab suits, and begins to undress. As Gus slowly changes into one of the protective suits, Walt says that it is sad that Gale had to be killed, but he would do it again if it were necessary to save himself. Walt keeps telling Gus why he needs to keep him and Jesse alive. Victor says that he's been watching Walt cook for a while and knows how to do it himself.Gus walks over to a drawer and pulls out the green box cutter we saw Gale using in the flashback. Walt begins talking faster, telling Gus how much he needs him and Jesse alive. Gus stands silently next to Victor, staring at Walt and Jesse. Gus grabs Victor and slashes his throat with the box cutter. Everyone is shocked. Gus calmly holds Victor as he bleeds out, spraying some blood on Walt and Jesse. Gus drops Victor's lifeless body at their feet and walks to another part of the lab to wash up. Victor's blood spreads and soaks Walter's shoes. Back in his regular clothes, Gus heads up the steps to leave. He pauses at the top and speaks for the first time: "Well", he says to Walt and Jesse, "get back to work".Cut to Mike watching as Walt and Jesse struggle to put Victor's body into a large drum. They fill the drum with acid and seal it. Walt cleans the outside of the drum. A bit of light is shining through the drum and we can see a silhouette of Victor's rapidly liquefying bones. Cut to a shot of the drum in the back of a truck headed out of town.Walt and Jesse are sitting in a booth at a Denny's. Jesse is wolfing down a stack of pancakes. Walt tries to reassure a silent Jesse that he did what he had to do. Jesse says that at least now they're all on the same page. Walt asks what page he means. Jesse says "the one that says, if I can't kill you, you'll sure as sh*t wish you were dead." Walt says they need to figure out their next move because he thinks Gus will try to kill them soon. Jesse says they have plenty of time because it will take Gus a while to find another capable chemist that he can trust.A cab drops Walt off at home. He's wearing new red sneakers, white pants, and a Kenny Rogers T-shirt with the tag still on it. He notices his car is missing just as Skyler walks outside. She tells him she moved it so Walt, Jr. wouldn't find it and be confused. She asks him if he's okay and he assures her he is. Skyler pulls the tag off his T-shirt and tells him where to find his car. Walt walks off.Cut to Gale's apartment being processed by crime techs. The camera pans to a folder sitting on top of the coffee table. It reads: "Lab Notes".
