Open with a flashback of Jesse and Jane visiting an exhibit featuring the work of Georgia O'Keeffe. Jesse doesn't initially 'get' her work and the two end up discussing art in his car as Jane puts out her cigarette, one end covered with her lipstick, in the vehicle's ashtray. (It is the same cigarette butt which we saw, present day, in last week's episode.)We see Hank struggling in rehab as he tries to regain the use of his legs. Marie tells Skyler that their first bill for Hank's treatment arrived. She reluctantly gives it to Skyler and tells her one will be coming every week.Cut to Walter and Jesse making the latest batch of meth. Walter takes over the job of measuring the yield and Jesse demands Walter actually accuse him of stealing. Afraid the lab is bugged, Walter says nothing.Jesse is back at an addicts meeting with Badger and Skinny Pete. During a break they tell Jesse they're having trouble selling product to the people in rehab. Badger thinks it's "like shooting a baby in the face." Jesse tells them he can do it and picks out a girl in the group (Andrea), strikes up a conversation and leaves with her.Walter seems to be fitting in well at home. He's making dinner and spending quality time with the baby. Walter Jr. is eligible for a provisional driver's license and asks his parents to "think about what car you want to buy me." Skyler sends Walter Jr. out of the room and Walter gives her a check to give to Marie. Skyler is worried the money won't be clean and wants to know who the "guy" Walter is using to launder. He asks "do you really want to know?"Cut to Walter and Skyler sitting in Saul's office. They meet with Saul and Skyler asks about the clean source of the money. Saul's plan is to have casino employees report false losses from Walter's big win and then have Walter claim to have used the money to invest in a laser tag business. Skyler thinks it doesn't make any sense for Walter to be involved in that type of business and Saul responds he's been doing this for a lot of years without her help.We see Jesse and Andrea fooling around. She offers him a beer and Jesse suggests drugs. Andrea says she can't get caught using again, but Jesse persists and brings up the "blue stuff." Just then her 5-year old son and mother return home. Andrea introduces Jesse to her kid, Brock.On the way home Skyler expresses concern about Saul's reliability. Walt tells her that his involvement in meth production is "ongoing" and he's sort of under contract to continue. She pulls into a parking lot and says "if you're going launder money Walt, at least do it right." They are at the car wash where Walter used to work. Her suggestion is that he buys the car wash, since it makes more sense.Jesse shows up at a meeting to see Andrea. He sees Pete and Badger there. They both seem legitimately into the 12-step process.Jesse goes to dinner with Andrea and Brock. Jesse and Brock seem to be bonding. Brock references his uncle Tomas and Andrea tells Jesse that he's her kid brother and "we don't talk about him."Walter shows Saul the car wash and tells him about Skyler's idea. Saul doesn't like the idea because the business doesn't have an inside man they can use.Jesse and Andrea are clearly still getting along well. Post-coitus she brings up the meth he had mentioned. Jesse asks about Brock. He questions her parenting since she wants to get high with her kid coming back in a few hours. Andrea gets defensive and tells him she swore when Brock was born she would never let what happened to Tomas happen to her son. Jesse apologizes and says he was out of line for bringing up meth the other day. She tells him Tomas started selling drugs at age 8 and ended up killing someone when he was 10 as part of an initiation ritual. Based on the story Jesse realizes that it was her little brother who killed Combo.Marie tells Hank he's set to be released from the hospital in a few days. He thinks he should stay. She tells him she's bought a hospital bed for their house and he is furious. He will not leave the hospital until he can walk out the front door.Walter tells Skyler about the lack of an inside accomplice at the car wash. Skyler suggests that she can be the accomplice. "If I'm in it, I'm going to do it right," she says. Skyler reveals that she never actually filed the divorce papers, partly because married couples can't be compelled to testify against one another.While Walter and Jesse cook the lab phone starts to ring. Walter says "Yes, I'll be there" and tells Jesse it was "an invitation."We see Walter arrive at Gus's home. Gus is listening to music and making dinner. Walter asks why he's been invited. "We work together, why not break bread together?" is the response. They have dinner and discuss food and memory. Gus then says he wants to give Walter some advice: "Never make the same mistake twice."Cut to Jesse driving to what appears to be the area Combo was killed. He gets out of the car. A young boy rides up on his bicycle. It is Tomas. Jesse says he wants to buy some crystal and Tomas tell him $300. Jesse hands the cash to two guys in a car and Tomas gives him the drugs. "Bounce," Tomas tells Jesse as he stands there. Jesse walks away.
