Open with Combo (Rodney Rush), one of Jesse's (Aaron Paul) buddies/dealers, working a corner. Two men pull up and glare at him, driving off only after he shows his gun. The men idle at a nearby corner as a little kid rides his bike in circles around Combo. Combo calls Skinny Pete (Charles Baker) looking for backup when the kid shoots him several times. After watching Combo fall in the street, the two men drive off.Delcavoli (David House) and a new doctor, Bravenec (Sam McMurray), tell Walter (Bryan Cranston) and Skyler (Anna Gunn) they think a lobectomy, which will cost about $180,000, is now possible for Walter and might provide a cure. Bravenec says it has to be done before Walter's cancer spreads. Given that Skyler is due in several weeks, they schedule the surgery to take place in four weeks.On the phone Jesse tells Walter that Combo was killed. When Walter can't remember which dealer Combo was, Jesse hangs up on him in disgust. Skinny Pete tells Jesse the problem was their moving into other dealers' turf. Pete says everyone now knows that Jesse didn't kill Spooge (David Ury). It means Jesse has lost street cred. With this new danger--and the fact that Pete's on probation--he tells Jesse he can't deal anymore.Walter and Jesse meet with Saul (Bob Odenkirk) and explain their distribution problems. When they tell him they have 38 pounds of meth ready to go, he suggests connecting them with a major dealer who works exclusively in large-volume, out-of-town sales--and has done so for more than 20 years without getting caught. Saul doesn't know the low-profile dealer personally, but he'll make a few calls to set up a meeting. Saul tells Walter that what he has heard about the man makes him sound "a little like you."After confessing to Jane (Krysten Ritter) that he is a dealer (she already knew), Jesse asks her to leave the apartment so he can do some meth. She suggests that he come with her to an NA meeting, but he walks down the hall to his room. She goes to the front door to leave but pauses and turns back to follow Jesse.Walter waits for Saul's distributor at a chicken joint called Los Pollos Hermanos (The Chicken Brothers). He scans the room carefully. Jesse shows up late looking obviously high. They discuss the uncertain future of their business before the paranoid and irritated Jesse leaves.During Skyler's ultrasound, the doctor says her fluids look a little low. Walter arrives late and the two agree to schedule a C-section for the following week. After the appointment, Skyler tells Walter she must pick up a cake and return to work for Ted's (Christopher Cousins) birthday party.Jesse arrives home and we see the apartment littered with empty beer bottles. He walks into the bedroom where Jane is sleeping. He suggests they go for a drive. She sits up and puts the meth pipe in her mouth.At Ted's party, Skyler sings him the Marilyn Monroe version of Happy Birthday.Walter calls Saul and says the guy never showed. Saul says that according to his contact, the man was there but they blew the meeting somehow. They had one shot and now it's a no-go. "He's very cautious about who he does business with," Saul says: "He's skittish, like a deer." Walter asks him to call the man back, but Saul says you get only one shot with this guy. Saul will check on another high-level dealer but doesn't know of anyone else who can handle such high volume.Walter goes back to Los Pollos Hermanos. He sits in the restaurant most of the day, watching everybody. Near closing time he focuses on the conservative-looking manager, who briefly checked on him and Jesse the day before. Walter goes to the counter and asks for a Diet Coke and "five minutes of your time." The man initially pretends not to know what Walter is talking about, but then he confesses that Jesse's being late and high was the reason he did not meet with them. Walter emphasizes the quality of his product and tells him Jesse does what he says and is trustworthy. The man tells Walter: "Never trust a drug addict." He does not promise anything, saying only that he has Walter's numbers.Skyler points out to Ted some accounting discrepancies she's found--underreporting of revenue. He tries to parry her concerns but finally admits he's been cooking the books in an attempt to keep the company afloat. She says she won't turn him in but can't be a part of breaking the law. She walks to the door and he says, "I don't want you to go."We see that Jesse didn't make it to Combo's funeral. Jane walks in and pulls out a bag. She prepares a needle of heroin mixed with meth and shoots up Jesse. He falls back on the bed in euphoric ecstasy.Skyler pulls into the parking lot at work. While Ted watches through the window, she sits in the car for several moments before finally getting out.Walter gets a text that reads: "POLLOS." He rushes to the restaurant, where a female manager tells him the man he spoke with was Gus (Giancarlo Esposito), who owns 14 Los Pollos locations in several states. She says there is no way to contact Gus. Walter is on his way out of the store when a man steps in front of him and says, "38 pounds, $1.2 million." The man gives him a location and says if he can't have the drugs there in one hour, "don't show your face in here again." Walter speeds off in his car while trying to get Jesse on the phone.Sitting at her desk, Skyler begins to have contractions.Outside Jesse's place, Walter ignores a call from Skyler. He has to break the back door to get in. He dumps water on the barely conscious Jesse and gets him to mumble that the drugs are under the kitchen sink. Walter finds a secret panel where Jesse has hidden the meth. As he loads the meth bags into a trash bag, he gets a text from Skyler: "BABY COMING!!!" He says to himself, "No, not now," and pauses for a few seconds. Then he finishes filling the bag and heads out Jesse's front door.
