Mike, Jesse and Walt ride out to the desert for a meeting with the crew Mike had been negotiating with to purchase the Methylamine. Walt takes control of the meeting, offering them 35 percent of the operation if they handle the distribution. All they need to do is buy out the retiring Mike for $5 million. Walt says they'll make more money selling his meth than they ever could selling their own stuff.Walt then tells them he's the person who killed Gus and demands that the guy say his name. The man shows some uncertainty. Walt is relentless: "Say my name!" He finally says "Heisenberg" and Walt responds "You're Goddamn right."Walt's offer appears to be accepted. Afterwards Jesse reminds Walt that he's out as well and wants his $5 million. Walt says they'll talk and asks him for some help getting things up and running during the transition.Back at Vamonos Mike tells the guys that the DEA will be doing a sweep of Hank's office at some point and they need to get the bug out of there "sooner rather than later." After Walt goes inside Mike advises Jesse to look out for himself.Walt and Jesse pick up the Methylamine, which was being kept at the car wash. Skyler starts asking questions about the liquid. Walt tells her to go inside the office and let them get it out of there.Dan Wachsberger, Mike's lawyer friend, helps him make cash deliveries to a number of safety deposit boxes for the families he's helping. There is also a new, larger box filled with cash for Mike's granddaughter when she turns 18.We see Mike listening on the bug as Hank talks about searching his place and busting him. Mike then dumps his laptop and dozens of weapons in an old well in the middle of nowhere. He leaves his car at the airport with his "go bag" in the trunk.Hank and his team serve a warrant at Mike's place. They find nothing and Hank thinks it looks suspicious that Mike seems so nonchalant.Walt talks to Jesse about starting his own lab and doubling their cook. Jesse says nothing has changed, he wants to get his money and "get out." Walt asks him what he's going to do when he gets out and points out that Jesse has nothing in his life and could go back to using. Walt tries to convince Jesse that he's just as upset about the young boy being killed. Jesse tells Walt again that he's done. Walt points out that the buyout money is dirty and if he stays around he'll make even more. Jesse walks away as Walt screams that if he leaves he'll get nothing.During a meeting Hank goes through surveillance photos of Mike. His superior tells him too much money is being spent on the Fring case and investigating Mike. He tells him the budget for looking at Mike is zero. After that conversation Hank suggests Gomez start following Mike's lawyer buddy Daniel, who represents all nine imprisoned members of the crew.Walt has Todd help him with the next cook. Afterwards Todd seems more interested in getting everything right than figuring out his cut.Back home Walt joins Skyler late for a microwaved dinner. Their kids are still not in the house. Walt starts a conversation about a new guy working with him to cook and in mid-conversation she gets up and leaves the table.The next time Dan makes the cash deliveries he finds Gomez and his team waiting for him in the bank vault.Walt goes back to Hank's office and replicates his emotional act about his marriage falling apart. When Hank leaves Walt removes the bugs. Gomez pulls Hank out of the room to tell him somebody is willing to flip and give up Mike. Walt hears this.We see Mike at the playground with his granddaughter. He gets a call from Dan telling him there is a "small situation with the money." Dan wants to come directly to him and asks where Mike is. The next call is Walt, telling him the DEA is on their way to get him. The police pull up from a distance at the playground with his granddaughter on the swing. Mike watches from behind a tree before leaving.Walt and Jesse ask Saul what to do about the Mike situation. Walt points out the nine guys are now likely to flip. Mike calls Saul, wanting him to get him his "go bag," which is filled with passports, cash and a gun for a quick departure. Jesse volunteers but Mike refuses his offer. Walt volunteers to get it for him.Walt meets Mike at a remote meeting point. He wants Mike to tell him the name of the nine people he's been paying off. Mike says no and the two argue over who is to blame for everything getting messy. Mike says that he had a great thing with Gus and Walt ruined it. Mike gets into his car, checks his "go" bag and sees an empty holster. Walt walks towards the vehicle and shoots Mike through the driver's side window with the revolver from Mike's "go" bag. Mike speeds away but quickly crashes.Walt finds Mike down in a ravine sitting on a rock. He has a gun in his hand but is too gravely wounded to use it. Walt says that he just realized that Lydia has the names and this whole thing could have been avoided. Mike tells him to shut the fuck up and let him die in peace.Seconds later Mike keels over with a soft thud.
