Todd is outside a diner leaving a voice message on Walt's phone. He tells him that he had some issues with Declan and there has been a change in management which has been worked out. Inside the diner Todd eats with Jack and Kenny and incautiously tells them the story of the big train heist. Afterwards Jack confirms with Todd that he's ready to start cooking again. We see them drive into New Mexico.Jesse is questioned by APD, then by Hank alone. Hank reveals that he knows Walt is "Heisenberg" and wants Jesse to roll over on his partner. Jesse says essentially nothing until Saul arrives and clears the room. Saul is freaking out.Saul calls Walt, who orders him to work his magic and get Jesse out. While Walt applies cover-up to the black eye Hank has given him, he hears Walter Jr. ask for permission to go help Marie with a computer problem. Walt rushes to stop him and tells his son his cancer has returned.Hank returns home and Marie asks him if he's told the DEA about Walt. He hasn't and she's worried about what will happen if they find out before Hank has told them. He tells her the time is not yet right.Walt places a camera in front of the bed. After Skyler asks if he's sure this is the right thing to do he begins giving a video statement of some kind.Walt and Skyler meet Hank and Marie at a Mexican restaurant. Walt asks them to leave their children out of the situation, pleading that they've been through enough and they don't need to get dragged through the situation. When it's clear Hank isn't interested in anything short of Walt turning himself in, Walt and Skler calmly get up and leave. Before walking away Walt places a DVD in front of Hank.Hank and Marie stand in the living room and watch Walt's video on their TV. It is him confessing, but only to be a pawn in an enormous meth operation run by Hank. Walt says that Hank used his drug connections from work to start the operation and essentially sold Walt to Gus Fring to have him cook. He says Hank and Gus had a falling out which led to Gus having Hank shot, followed by Hank having Gus killed using a bomb he forced Walt to make. He says he gave Hank almost $200,000 to help with his therapy following the shoot out with the Mexican cousins. Walt references Hank "taking" their children and says that, when he recently tried to quit, Hank punched him in the face. The video ends and Hank tells Marie this is only a threat. He asks about the medical bills and Marie has to admit that she took money from Skyler, thinking it was proceeds from Walt's gambling. Hank tells her that connection is the final nail in his coffin.Saul brings Jesse to the desert for a meeting with Walt. Jesse tells Walt he doesn't think Hank has much evidence and thinks it's likely he has yet to tell anybody else what he knows about Walt. Walt suggests that Jesse might be better off leaving the area and starting fresh with a brand new identity. This sets off Jesse. He thinks he's basically being given an ultimatum and Walt will have him killed if he doesn't leave. Jesse begins to cry. Walt walks over and holds Jesse, who falls apart in his arms.Walt tells Skyler "It worked. We're fine."Gomez is upset that Hank has been using his men to tail Jesse without explanation. Hank agrees to remove them.Saul explains to Jesse how it works with the guy who will find him a new identity out-of-state. If Jesse agrees there is no turning back. He gives the go-ahead and the meeting is set for one hour. A nervous Jesse lights up a joint and a furious Saul tells him the guy won't take him if he's high. Jesse puts out the joint but won't give back the rest of his bag. Saul gets $125,000 in cash to pay his guy, as well as additional cash that Walt asked Saul to give to Jesse. Huell will be taking Jesse to the meet.While waiting for the guy, Jesse reaches in his pocket for his weed. He realizes that Heull lifted it from his pocket and he suspects that Saul tampered with his cigarettes as well. Just as Saul's guy pulls up Jesse picks up the bag of money and walks away.Jesse bursts into Saul's office and begins hitting him. He accuses him of lifting his cigarettes so that Walt could use the ricin to poison Brock. Saul confesses to that part, but says he had no idea what Walt was up to at the time. Jesse leaves and Saul immediately calls Walt with a heads-up.Walt races to the car wash, then casually finds an excuse to go into the soda machine where he has hidden a snub-nose revolver. He then tells Skyler that he forgot to pick up a prescription.Jesse storms over to Walt's place, kicks in the front door and begins maniacally pouring gasoline everywhere.
