Walt is zipping in and out of traffic telling Saul on the phone that he needs to make sure "she gets every last dollar." He calls Skyler and leaves her a voicemail telling her he loves her and the kids. Walt reaches down and gets his gun from under the front seat, continuing to drive like a maniac.Walt pulls into the lot at Los Pollos Hermanos. He demands the woman at the counter go in the back and get Gus. Walt sits down to wait, noticing the surveillance cameras. An SUV pulls up three Hispanic men walk in. Walt's phone rings. It's Mike, asking him what he's doing. He says Jesse is with him and is fine. He puts Jesse on the phone. Jesse tells Walt they are driving but he doesn't know where they're going. Mike gets back on the phone and says that Jesse will be with him today and Walt needs to go back to work. Walt heads to the back of the restaurant and finds Gus's office empty.Jesse threatens Mike that he better make sure he shoots straight. The car parks at a remote location and Mike pops the trunk. Jesse jumps out of the car, ready to use his keys as a weapon. Mike grabs a shovel and walks right past Jesse. Mike digs up a board, then reaches down into the ground for a bag. Mike returns to the car, placing the shovel into the trunk and briefly checks the bag, which is full of cash. He puts the bag into the trunk and tells Jesse they need to do this six more times that day and he wants to finish before dark. A confused-looking Jesse hops back into the car and they drive off.Hank tells Tim he thinks Gale is must be Heisenberg. He's not sure why Gale was killed, adding the only people he knows to be connected with the "blue stuff" are Badger and Jesse, and he's be surprised if Jesse was the shooter. He's shown a composite of the "person of interest" who is clearly Victor. Hank admits that finding Gale's body feels like closure to him and tells Tim "I'm done."Mike grabs another bag of cash from a preposterously out-of-way location. Jesse still has no idea why he's there. Unable to smoke or listen to music Jesse is growing increasingly bored after several more stops. Jesse realizes that Mike is doing the work of picking up cash from high-level dealers. Finally Mike pulls over and says he's not sure himself why Jesse is there. Mike is doing what he's told and tells Jesse to keep his mouth shut until they're done with the pick-ups.We see Walt cooking. His watch alarm goes off and he runs away.Walt and Skyler sign the papers that officially make them owners of the car wash. After the lawyer leaves Skyler tells Walt she's nervous and he assures her they'll be fine. She wants them to promise complete honesty and he says he likes the plan. Just before having a drink she listens to Walt's message from earlier. That leads to them having sex. Afterwards they make small-talk and she asks him to have dinner with Hank and Marie. With them still in bed Walter Jr. comes home. He seems to know what just happened. Skyler wonders if Walt should move back in, "just so it's easier to explain to everyone." He doesn't answer, saying only that he has to get back to work.Walt is having trouble working by himself. He yells at one of the cameras that he's done until he gets his partner back. He goes to lie down in the office of the lab. A member of Gus's security shows up helps Walt without addressing any of his questions about Jesse.At the night's last pickup a man with a shotgun approaches the back of the car. Jesse spots him and throws the car into reverse, clipping the man and t-boning his partner sitting in their vehicle. Jesse throws the car into drive and peels off with the other car in pursuit. Mike exits the building with the last cash bag and runs out just as the cars leave the scene.Mike, on foot, uses his cell 'phone to call for a pick-up, but calls it off as Jesse pulls up next to him. Mike gets in the car and says he saw what Jesse did, allowing him to have a cigarette for the first time all day.The next morning Walt and Walter Jr. have coffee together. Walter Jr. says it's "cool" to have his father back home. Skyler told him that Walt was moving back in on Tuesday, which is clearly news to Walt.Walt arrives at the lab to find Jesse at work. Jesse tells him he was out making pick-ups with Mike and tells him about saving the stash. Jesse is going to be going out with Mike again that afternoon. He tells Walt "I guess I have two jobs now."Mike meets with Gus and we learn the attempted robbery was planned by Mike at Gus's request. Gus's plan was for Jesse to be a hero and Mike doesn't seem to know why.Skyler tells Marie and Hank about the new job. Marie thinks they should put Holly on the sign. Walt goes to the kitchen and opens a new bottle of wine. He pours himself a glass, finishes it, then pours another glass before Hank yells at him to bring in the bottle. Walter Jr. asks about Gale ("the crazy singing guy"). Hank tells the table the Gale was a "five star meth chef," a "genius, plain and simple." Hank wonders what could have happened if a genius like Gale had taken his life in a new direction. A drunken Walter says that what he saw in Gale's notebook was "rote copying," wondering if the actual genius is still out there.The next morning we learn that Hank had Tim drop off Gale's file. He's back on the case. Looking through the crime scene photos Hank thinks it is strange that a vegan like Gale would have a napkin from Los Pollos Hermanos.
