An attorney is being passed into a jail to see his client. He tells the guard that today he's brought his "paralegal" with him... it's Mike Ehrmantraut. They get into a cell and the attorney promptly puts on headphones and starts listening to music. The guy tells Mike that he's perfectly willing to do his time without ratting anybody out, but his hazard pay from Gus has been confiscated by the feds and his wife will want to know how to take care of their bills. Mike gives him his word that he'll be "made whole" and the two shake on it. Mike and the lawyer leave the cell and Mike makes it clear they'll be making similar visits to the other eight people remaining on that original list of 11.Walt moves his stuff back into the house. Walt tells her he will still keep the condo until the housing market picks up. Skyler doesn't seem thrilled.Mike waits in Saul's waiting room while Walt and Jesse explain that Mike will be joining the team. After they tell him they need Mike to handle the business side of things, Mike is brought into the room and he is brief with ground rules: He won't tell them how to cook and he doesn't want them questioning him when it comes to running the business side of things.The four men begin looking for possible cooking locations. The first spot is a factory that makes cardboard boxes. There is plenty of power, the building already stinks and the employees are all illegals. It sounds perfect, until Walt points out there will be too much humidity and product quality will suffer.The next spot is a plant that makes tortillas. That's no good because the meth will make the tortillas taste terrible and there is the possibility of unannounced government inspections. They instantly veto a laser tag place.Saul then brings them to the cramped headquarters of Vamonos Pest. There isn't enough room in what is essentially a garage and they are a quarter-mile from a police station. Walt says "perfect" and kicks one of the green and yellow tents the company used to cover homes when they have been bug bombed.The four men sit in their car outside a house being covered with one of the tents in preparation for it to be bombed with poison to kill insects. Walt points out that nobody goes inside a tented home and nobody thinks twice if there is a strange smell. Each week they will pick the best house, cook a batch and then bomb the house as normal. Saul talks Mike through the four-person company, owned by a ponytailed man named Ira. He says the company is legit and they do a good job, but occasionally they will burglarize one of the homes after casing it during the bombing process, or they'll sell premises information to other robbers. Saul has represented the company for five years and says Ira and his guys keep their mouths shut.Badger and Skinny Pete go to a music store looking for the largest roadie cases they have that will fit through a standard door. They purchase four, and even get "Vamonos Pest" stenciled on the side.Badger and Pete are excited to see Jesse is cooking again, but it seems clear Mike won't be letting them near the business.Mike speaks to Ira and his men and explains the new rules. They are no longer allowed to steal anything from one of the homes they have tented. And should they see Walt and Jesse they are not allowed to speak to them unless spoken to. If Walt or Jesse need anything, they are to follow up without question.Jesse seems to be growing as a businessman. He suggests modifications to the equipment that will help them get some of the larger pieces through the door, as well as using a hospital tent inside the home to help limit the smell. Andrea and Brock walk in to have dinner. Brock doesn't seem interested in talking to Walt. While waiting for dinner to be made, Walt and Brock sit on the couch and give one another a quick look.Vamonos Pest sets up the first location chosen for a cook. Ira goes over the final consent forms with the owner as the roadie cases are wheeled into the home. As soon as the owner leaves Walt and Jesse pull up in a Vamonos Pest truck. An employee, Todd (Jesse Plemons), stops them to tell them he's disabled a nanny camera that was in the living room clock.There's a long montage of Walt and Jesse setting up their machines and performing the first cook. After the cook the two sit on the couch and share a beer. Walt compliments Jesse on how he looks with Andrea and Brock. Jesse says Andrea knows he's up to something, but she doesn't know anything about the business and he has no plans to tell her. Walt points out he'll need to decide how much to share with her if they end up getting married. Walt says he trusts whatever Jesse decides.Marie stops by the car wash. She gives Skyler an update on Hank being back at work and how well he's doing. Marie then brings up Walt's upcoming birthday. Skyler says they aren't going to do anything and Marie gets upset. When Skyler pulls out a cigarette she gets even more upset. Eventually Skyler snaps, yelling at Marie over and over again to "shut up" then collapses in tears.Walt and Jesse finish the cook and seem happy with their results. They turn on the bug bomb and leave.Walt returns home to find Marie waiting for him. She tells him about Skyler's "breakdown" and says she's been trying to call him for hours. She asks whether he's been gambling again and mentions the smoking. Walt ends up explaining Skyler's behavior by mentioning her affair with Ted and his recent hospitalization.Marie leaves and Walt glances down the hallway at the bedroom. But instead of walking down to check on Skyler he turns left and goes into the kitchen. He grabs an apple and takes a bite.While Jesse, Andrea and Brock sit on the couch together while the boy plays video games. Andrea asks a tired-looking Jesse if he's okay.Skyler can't sleep with what sounds like televised gunfire coming from the next room. She walks out to find Walt holding Holly in his lap and Walter Jr. watching Scarface (1983) with the volume up pretty high. Walt asks her if she'd like to join them "if you're up to it." She looks disturbed watching images of Tony Montana shooting people.Mike places the first week's cash haul in front of each man. $367,000 each. Walt seems surprised to learn the drivers get a 20 percent cut, but Jesse points out they made more than a million for one cook. Mike also says the chemicals are going to cost more from now on, obviously a reference to Lydia. Jesse gets 40 grand from each, as he fronted the cash to get the operations off the ground. Ira gets $45,000 from each of them, as well as $10,000 per cook for each of his guys. Saul gets $18,000 from each of them. Mike then takes a "legacy cost" of $117,000 from each of them. This is "make whole" money for the nine remaining members of the Gus's operation who have knowledge that could get them busted. Walt doesn't like it, but Mike explains the importance of keeping them quiet. Jesse offers to pay extra to settle the dispute, but Walt eventually agrees to go along with it. This leaves Walt with $137,000, which he says is less than he made with Gus. Mike says "Just because you shot Jesse James, doesn't make you Jesse James."After Mike leaves Jesse tells Walt he broke it off with Andrea. Jesse tells Walt he will still financially support Andrea and Brock. Walt asks him about the money and Jesse points out that they are cooking less than one-quarter of what they had to make for Gus. Even though they're making less cash, they have a larger piece of the operation. "We're owners, not employees." Walt says he's been thinking about Victor, the man who Gus killed in front of them. Walt says he thinks perhaps Victor may have taken too many liberties, "flew too close to the sun."
