Open with Jesse pulling into a station to get gas and smokes. He comes up short on the bill, and is eventually able to talk the female attendant (whose father owns the place) to take some freshly cooked blue meth as a trade.We go to Saul's office. Mike comes in and plays for Saul the latest audio surveillance from the White home. It's Walt yelling at Skyler about her sleeping with Ted. During the argument he mentions he is done with cooking. Saul gets concerned when the conversation ends with Walt saying to himself he plans to visit Ted in person.Walt shows up at Beneke and asks the receptionist if he can speak with Ted. After waiting a few moments he spots Ted peering at him through blinds in a front office. Walt starts knocking and banging on the door, yells at Ted that he just wants to talk. Ted eventually raises the blinds but will not come out of the office. Walt then drags over a heavy planter and attempts to throw it through Ted's office window. At this point security throws Walt out of building. Walt spots the company's air conditioning unit and starts to walk in that direction before Mike pulls up and throws him violently in his car.In his office Saul yells at Walt for being so childish. Walt asks how they knew he'd be there and Saul admits to having bugged his house. Saul makes an off-color reference to Skyler's cheating and Walt jumps across the table and tackles his lawyer. Walt ends up firing Saul and demanding the bugs be removed.After Mike removes the bugs, Walt rips him for engaging in such a disreputable line of work. Before getting in his car, Mike looks at the street and pauses. He tells Walt that "sometimes it doesn't hurt to have someone watching your back." After he pulls away we see that a yellow scythe has been drawn on the street in chalk.Walt sits zoned-out in front of one of his classes. Eventually, a student goes to get Carmen and she brings Walt to her office. Walt continues acting strange there and eventually makes a pass at her.Cut to Marie dropping off Hank at the airport, presumably to fly to El Paso. He reminds her this promotion is the way "to get to D.C." She says "what about last time?" Before walking into the terminal he gets a call from a sheriff who has found someone with blue meth.Walt is walking to the school parking lot with a box of his stuff. Jesse is waiting for him in his car. Walt says he's been suspended "indefinitely." In the car Jesse shows him he's been cooking and hands him a huge bag of blue meth. Jesse wants Walt to connect him to Gus, but Walt won't do it. Walt tells him the product looks inferior and he doesn't want his name associated with it. They yell at each other, Walt gets out of the car and Jesse speeds off.We see Skyler get the cold shoulder from a co-worker. Cut to her and Ted talking after having sex. Ted wants her to stay, but she does not. She references that people at work thinks she's "a ladder-climbing whore." Ted asks Skyler what happened to her relationship with Walt. She says she'd rather not discuss the topic.Hank and Gomez question a junkie who was busted with blue meth. All he can tell them is that the person he got it from had an "M-name," either Mel or Mark and wore "tan pants". Afterwards Hank and Gomez have an awkward interaction where Hank basically blows off his partner when Gomez expresses concern Hank hasn't left for El Paso.Mike shows Gus medical records indicating Walt should live with his cancer for a few more years. Mike doesn't think Walt will come back to cooking "on his own" and he tells Gus about the marking in front of Walt's house. Mike says Jesse wants to make a deal. Gus initially says he won't work with a junkie, but then changes his mind and tells Mike to make the deal.Tracking down numerous leads eventually takes Hank to the gas station from the opening scene. A "Matt Santos" used to work there, but the girl Jesse gave the meth to says she hasn't seen him for awhile. He eventually gets her to admit receiving the meth from Jesse, but all she can tell Hank is that he drove an RV. The camera in the store is broken. Hank notices an ATM with a camera located outside.During a tense-looking dinner scene, Walter Jr. points out the donation website has dried up (Saul pulled the plug when Walt fired him). Walter Jr. is attempting to be a mediator between his parents.Jesse makes the deal under a bridge. He notices that the payment is only half the price. The man tells Jesse: "That's your half."Hank has a meeting with his superior, who is demanding to know whether he'll take the assignment down in El Paso. Hank tries to say he will go down after finishing his investigation of the blue meth. Based on the ATM video, Hank has narrowed the possible RVs Jesse could have been driving to 29 throughout the state. When forced to make a yes or no decision on El Paso a shaky Hank says no, then awkwardly explains it's only because of the blue meth.Walt is stopped at a red light. The light turns green but he is lost in thought and doesn't move forward. A car pulls up beside him and tosses in several bundles of cash in a Los Pollos Hermanos bag. "It's your half," the man says before pulling off.
