This episode begins with two guards, neither of whom are Mike, in the back of another Los Pollos Hermanos truck as it is pulled over. They hear the sound of the driver being killed and then we see three men take a hose and funnel the truck's exhaust back into the cargo area where guards are waiting. They lock the door and eat snacks while waiting for the two men to die. Once the guards are dead, they breach the truck and find the drum that contains the meth.Shift back to the White's home and we find Skyler listening to Walt's voice mail where he told her he loved her over and over. She's been reading Gale's biography online and wakes up a hung-over Walt to find out if he knew Gale and questions who might have killed him. She suggests that his message may have been a good-bye of sorts, and wonders whether he could be killed in the same way Gale was. Walt assumes his dangerous alter ego and assures her that, "I am not in danger. I am the danger." When he gets out of the shower she is gone.Walt drives to the car wash and meets with Bogdan, who emphasizes that their purchase of the wash is, "as is." The conversation shifts to the obligations Walt will assume by purchasing the business. Bogdan stresses that a boss needs to be tough and make people do things they don't want to. He tells Walt that if he isn't up to the challenge he can "always call your wife." He gives Walt the keys and grabs a framed dollar off the wall to take. Walt reminds him "as is," and has him hand it over. Once he leaves Walt smashes the frame, takes the dollar out and puts it into the coke machine.Mike and Jesse sit at a diner together. Mike notices Jesse appears to be a little shaky and asks if he's okay. Jesse references not using and Mike gives him some food. Mike gets a call and has to leave, referencing "both of them" to whoever is on the phone. Jesse asks if he needs help and Mike says no.Walter Jr. and Walt sit at the breakfast table and talk about the fact Skyler has left. Walter Jr. talks about Walt having a sickness and thinks his mother shouldn't be allowed to get mad at him. Walt says their issues are because of choices he's made. On the way to school Walter asks his dad if he's actually going to move in or not. Walt says they're taking a detour and takes him to get a car. They return home with Walter Jr. driving a brand a new sports car.Walt asks Jesse for info on what he's been up to with Mike. Walt thinks Jesse should be questioning what has been happening. Jesse thinks it may have started as him being babysat, but his heroics in saving Mike may have changed Gus's mind. Walt wonders if maybe the robbery was a complete set-up, a plan by Gus to drive a wedge between the two of them. Walt thinks "this is all about me" and Jesse walks away.While Walt and Jesse clean up after a cook the phone rings. It's for Jesse. He says he has to go and Walt is left to do all of the clean up. Walt runs upstairs to the ladies working the dry cleaners above the lab and asks for help cleaning. Once they get near the entrance of the lab they get nervous. He pulls out cash and tells them he only needs two hours. While the ladies clean the lab Walt tips his coffee cup to one of the surveillance cameras.Skyler goes to the Four Corner Monument where Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah meet. She flips a coin, which lands in Colorado. She flips it again and it lands once more in the Colorado corner. She takes her foot and slides the coin over to New Mexico.Mike and Jesse pull up to a house. Mike says they're watching it because the word is men there are selling their stolen product. Jesse wants them to go rushing in, but Mike tells him the plan is to sit and wait because word is the guys having been using the meth themselves and are heavily armed. Jesse leaves the car against Mike's wishes, saying he's going to pretend to be a buyer. Jesse knocks on the door and asks for some of the blue. He is told to get lost. Jesse gets back in the car and asks Mike to pop the trunk. Jesse takes a shovel, saying "I know meth heads." He starts digging a hole in the front yard. One of the guys walks out and asks Jesse what he's doing. Jesse makes it sound like he knows and gets the guy to start helping him dig. He asks if he can use the bathroom and walks right in as Mike smiles from the car.Inside the house Jesse tells a shotgun-welding meth head that he wants to buy some blue. The guy points the gun at Jesse's head and starts talking crazy. He gets distracted by a noise at the door and Jesse bashes him over the head, taking the gun. Mike walks in and picks up the Los Pollos Hermanos lid. It has "Are you ready to talk?" scrawled on it in Spanish.Walt and his cleaning ladies leave the lab. He hands them more cash just as Gus's henchman Tyrus walks up and tells the ladies to get in his car. He tells Walt they're being sent back to Honduras. Walt says that Gus should blame him and not the ladies. "He does," Tyrus says.Mike and Jesse sit at the diner. Gus stops by and asks Jesse to leave. Mike tells Gus the crew that took their drugs gave the product to two local "nobodies." He tells him about the message and offers to hire ten or fifteen pros and hit them back. Gus doesn't want a war, instead telling Mike to set up a meeting. Gus then asks Mike how Jesse did, but we don't hear Mike's answer. Gus leaves the diner and tells Jesse "I hear you can handle yourself." Jesse asks Gus "Why me?" and the response is that "I like to think I see things in people."Skyler comes home, pulling in next to Walter Jr.'s new car. She walks in and Walter Jr. tells her about the car and all its positive features. Walter Jr. leaves and she asks for the car wash keys. Walt says he may have overstated things earlier and says everything he does is to protect his family. Skyler wonders if buying the car protected the family. She says the car has to go back, as it directly contradicts their cover story. She points out the potential problems the car could cause with Hank and Marie, the IRS, etc. She looks him in the eyes and says "someone has to protect this family from the one who protects this family."
