Open with a narcocorrido (drug ballad) band singing in Spanish about Walter (Bryan Cranston) and the Mexican cartels. The chorus includes: "The cartel's 'bout respect / And they ain't forgiving. / But that homie's dead / He just doesn't know it yet."A student who got a 58 on one of Walter's tests tries to get him to give him two extra points. After the kid uses a number of excuses, Walter counters with: "Don't bull**** a bull****er. The answer is no." He retrieves a cell phone from the ceiling of his classroom and tries to call Jesse (Aaron Paul). Walter gets the voicemail for a third time and ends his message by saying to forget about taking care of the problem they discussed last week.Walter goes to Jesse's apartment and starts banging on the door. Jane (Krysten Ritter) comes out of her apartment, and Walter tells her he is Jesse's father. She refuses to let him use the master key, but Jesse finally opens the door.Inside, Jesse tells him what happened with Spooge (David Ury) and the ATM machine. It becomes clear he's having trouble processing the gruesome murder he witnessed: "There was so much od], you would not believe." Walter worries that Spooge's woman (Dale Dickey) might be able to ID Jesse, but Jesse assures him she was too stoned. While Walter is there, Badger (Matt Jones) leaves a voicemail telling Jesse he's sold his allotment of drugs and is ready to do more business. Jesse needs a few more days to recover and asks Walter to make the next pickup.Hank (Dean Norris) has his first day with the DEA border patrol. His personality doesn't seem to mesh with the department, and the fact that he doesn't speak Spanish is glaring.Walter meets Jesse's dealers at a museum. They tell him word on the street is that Jesse killed Spooge, and the resulting fear has made collecting easier.Skyler (Anna Gunn) interviews for a data-entry position at a company where she used to work. On her way out she spots Ted Beneke (Christopher Cousins), the son of the company's owner when she left a few years ago. They exchange pleasantries about their children, and she says she's interested in the job. Ted offers Skyler her previous job in the accounting department.Walter suggests to Jesse that they expand their territory to include the rest of the city. He wants Jesse to hire additional dealers and sell to more areas. Jesse is worried that other crews will be unhappy their turf is being challenged. Walter tells Jesse about his new reputation and compares him to a blowfish: small and weak but able to puff itself out to appear more dangerous than it actually is. This seems to motivate Jesse. Walter has a pronounced coughing attack before the scene ends.During a meeting with Tortuga (Danny Trejo), a cartel informant, Hank gets frustrated and tries to strong-arm the man as he slowly tells the other agents what he wants in return for his help. The man tells Hank his name means turtle: "I take my time, but I always win."When Skyler tells Marie (Betsy Brandt) about the new job, it comes up that during her last stint with the company, Ted got grabby with her at a company party. She tells Marie that Ted is married with children, and "it will not happen again." Skyler tells her money is tighter than she thinks. Walter comes home and immediately goes to the bathroom in their bedroom. He turns on the faucet and starts throwing up into the toilet.The next morning Skyler is dressed and ready for her first day at the new job. Walter is concerned because she told him she left the company because of the welding fumes.Jane shows Jesse a drawing she is working on. She works part-time designing tattoos for a tattoo shop but has no tattoos herself: "That's way too big of a commitment." A guy driving by on his motorcycle recognizes Jesse: "Hey, you're Pinkman; everyone's been talking about you." Jane notices the different last name, and Jesse walks off.Hank waits above a valley with several other DEA agents for Tortuga to show up. Two agents discuss in Spanish that they aren't impressed with Hank and think his being a hero in Albuquerque doesn't mean much. Through his binoculars Hank spots Tortuga's head moving on the other side of a ridge. When they get down to the area, they see that Tortuga's severed head has been stuck to the top of a tortoise. Revolted by the scene, Hank retreats to one of the vans to keep from vomiting. As the other agents make fun of Hank's weak stomach, he hears a giant explosion. The head was rigged with explosives, and agents lie scattered around the site. Hank ties a belt around the thigh of a man whose leg was blown off and stares straight ahead in shock.Jesse meets with his dealers and tells them they are "staking our claim that we sell what we want, where we want." He tells them to hire more dealers to work under them: "Layers, like nachos."Walter and Jesse meet. A serious-looking Walter thinks they need to increase the price of their meth.While Skyler is arranging her desk, Ted comes in to welcome her to the office. She thanks him for the opportunity, and he says, "You don't have to thank me; I need you." He reveals that he and his wife are now separated and suggests they have lunch at some point--"like old times."After setting up his new TV, Jesse hears Jane come home. He listens through the wall for her to go out back and have a smoke. He walks outside, pretending not to know she was there. After admitting that he lied about his last name and that Walter is not his father, he invites her to come inside and see the TV. While they wait for the TV to acquire a satellite signal, Jane reaches over and takes Jesse's hand.
