Open with teenagers skateboarding in the dry pool of what appears to be an abandoned home. A car pulls up front and we see the property surrounded by fencing with warning signs. Walter gets out. He's got a full head of hair and shaggy beard. In the living room of the empty house we see the word "HEISENBERG" spray-painted on the wall. He walks down the hall and we realize this is the White home. He goes to the bedroom and gets the ricin pill from behind the switch plate. He walks back out front and spots a terrified neighbor unloading groceries. He says "Hello Carol" and she drops the bag she was holding to the ground.In present day, a stunned Hank exits the bathroom holding the Walt Whitman book. He puts the book in a bag and looks out the window at Walter. He walks outside, tells Marie he isn't feeling great and says they need to leave.On the ride home Hank can barely focus on the road as Marie talks about Europe. He starts having an attack of some kind and runs onto a person's lawn. He falls out of the car and Marie yells for the homeowner to call an ambulance.Back from the ER Hank assures Marie there is not a need for him to see a doctor. He makes her promise not to tell Skyler. Hank gets out a folder and compares the handwriting from the Whitman book to something else Gale wrote. It looks like a match.At the car wash Walter reminds Skyler that their "story" needs to come first. Along those lines he thinks they should buy an additional car wash, as it will take years to launder all their cash. Lydia arrives for a wash. She goes inside and complains that the quality of the meth she's gotten is only 68 percent. She wants him to come back for a few days and make things right. Walter tells her problems are none of his concern. Skyler walks in and notices that Lydia was there washing a rental car. Walter tells her that Lydia is a "former business associate" interested in him returning. Skyler follows Lydia outside and tells her to leave and never return.The following morning Hank tells Marie he's not going into work. On her way out she sees two men delivering boxes. Hanks tells them to put them in the garage. They leave and Hank starts going through files, including video footage, related to everything connected to the blue meth...Gus, Heisenberg, etc.Skinny Pete and Badger get stoned at Jesse's place. Jesse grows tired of their inane Star Trek conversation and leaves.Jesse brings his giant bags of money to Saul's office. He grows tired of waiting and lights up a joint. This gets him right in to see Saul. Jesse says each bag contains $2.5 million and he wants one to go to Mike's granddaughter and the other to Drew Sharp's parents. Saul seems uncomfortable with the whole thing but Jesse is adamant. Jesse leaves and then Saul calls Walter. Walter tells him to hang on to the money, adding "I'll handle it." Walter took the call while taking a course of chemotherapy.Walter shows up at Jesse's door with the money and asks for an explanation. Jesse responds "It's like you said, it's blood money." Walter tells Jesse to stop focusing on the past. He tells Jesse that he's out of the drug business himself and says there's nothing for them to do but live good lives. A teary-eyed Jesse thinks Mike's granddaughter needs someone to look after him. Jesse thinks Mike is dead and thinks Walter knows it. Walter denies having anything to do with Mike's death and tells Jesse that he thinks 'Mike is fine'.Walter excuses himself from dinner and rushes to the bathroom to vomit. He looks above the toilet and appears to notice that the Whitman book is missing. Later that night he's still searching their home for the book. He gets into bed and asks Skyler what is wrong with Hank. She tells him Hank hasn't been to work all week. Later that night Walter goes outside and checks the bottom of his car. He finds a tracking device.A homeless man knocks on Jesse's window, waking him up. He asks if he can spare some change and Jesse offers him a stack of cash. The man eventually accepts and Jesse drives off. We next see Jesse driving through an impoverished neighborhood tossing money onto random lawns.The two cops who dropped off the files ask Hank if Gomez should be worried. Hank assures them he's fine. As they leave Walter pulls into the driveway. Hank nervously clears some photos. Walter plays dumb and asks how Hank's feeling. He tells Hank to let him know if there's anything he can do and walks away. Walter stops, turns around and shows him the tracking device. He says it looks just like the one they used on Gus and asks if Hank knows anything about it. Hank closes the garage door behind Walter and then punches him in the face. He puts Walter up against the door and says "it was you!" and goes through all the things he's done to cover. Walter tells Hank his cancer is back. He tells Hank he's dying and that even if he was able to get a jury to believe that he's Heisenberg, he won't live long enough to see the inside of a prison. Hank tells him to bring Skyler and the kids to his house and they can talk. Walter says that will never happen and Hank responds that he has no idea who he is even speaking to. Walter says that if Hank doesn't know who he is, perhaps he should "tread lightly."
