Mike, dressed in insulated coveralls, is sitting in the back of one of Gus's 18-wheelers as it rolls along the road. The vehicle stops and he hears some conversation and then what sounds like the driver getting shot. Men move towards the back of the truck and Mike ducks behind an impromptu barricade of boxes just moments before scores of rounds are fired into the trailer from automatic weapons.Outside, the ventilated trailer, two men reload their Heckler & Koch submachine guns, and empty two more magazines into the cargo container, this time from the side.Satisfied that any potential threat has been neutralized by their fusillade, the men throw open the rear doors and climb up only to be, seconds later, shot by Mike, coolly and efficiently.Mike hops down, ignores Gus's dead driver and touches the top of his right ear. A bullet has grazed it and left a flap of flesh dangling. He rolls his eyes at this minor inconvenience as he temporarily puts the bloody piece back in place.Skyler is making notes in the middle of the night, then the next day she and Walt attend a Gamblers Anonymous meeting.Back home Skyler sits across from Walt with a deck of cards. She wants to make sure he knows how to play blackjack, as they are about to tell Hank about the bogus way Walt earned the money they will be using to buy the car wash. Skyler has neurotically planned out in minute detail what they will say, even to the point of suggesting places where Walt should show a certain level of contrition or how she might get emotional.Walt, Skyler and Walter Jr. arrive at Hank and Marie's place. Hank immediately shows Walt and Walter Jr. his mineral collection.After displaying a few specimens Walter Jr. asks a question about the pink color of one of Hank's minerals, and Walt, detached, gives his son a detailed answer as Hank watches.Later he pulls out a file and shows a home video of Gale singing karaoke. Walt sits on the bed in stunned silence.Over dinner Walt and Skyler tell the sad story of his gambling and the riches he's earned. Walter Jr. and Hank both seems impressed. Walt excuses himself from the table and goes to Hank's room and begins rummaging through the file. He finds the "lab notes" folder. Walt runs into Hank in the hallway and the two tell each other they are available.This leads to Hank going through Gale's file with Walt. Hank seems fairly certain this dead man was the fictional "Heisenberg" character and he is upset he wasn't able to put cuffs on the guy. Hank eventually mentions that they've found prints at the scene and there are a few witnesses with some information.Walt rushes over to Jesse's place. After getting through a sea of passed out partyers Walt finds Jesse in the back shaving people's heads. Walt has to grab Jesse and practically drag him to another room. Jesse isn't worried about the fingerprints, explaining that if his prints had been found he would have already been brought in for questioning. Walt starts asking Jesse to go over every single detail of the shooting, Skyler-style. Eventually Jesse walks away, paying a few of his buddies $100 each to throw Walt out of the place.Walt goes to Saul for advice. Saul doesn't think there is anything to worry about regarding Hank's ability to connect Jesse with Gale's murder. Walt brings up how Jesse has been living and wonders how long until Gus decides his young partner is too much of a risk. Walt thinks he is the only professional in the operation and then starts to complain about the car wash and Skyler. Saul mentions that he has a guy who can help make his family disappear for a substantial fee. He calls it an "end game," as there is no coming back.Jesse leaves for work, asking a rambling young conspiracy theorist to make sure there is pizza there when he gets back. Jesse goes upstairs to get the kid cash for food. Jesse hands him two crisp one hundred dollar bills and a guy on the couch notices.Jesse and Walt cook, still watched as always by the video surveillance.Jesse comes home. He drops a few baggies of drugs to the masses, grabs a slice of pizza and a girl. Up in his room he sees that his cash drawer is empty. He barely pauses before firing up the video game system and starts playing a game with her.Jesse is woken up the next day by Mike, who demands he come downstairs. Mike has cleared out Jesse's place, save for one guy who is lying in the middle of the floor blindfolded, handcuffed, bloodied and whimpering. This is the kid who stole Jesse's cash ($78,000) and Mike gives back the money. He starts to tell Jesse about what will happen to the kid, but Jesse walks away. He says he knows they won't kill him since they blindfolded him and says he's going back to bed.We see Mike meeting with Gus. He says something has to be done about Jesse.Walt finishes the next cook by himself. He looks at his watch in disgust, then drives over to Jesse's place. Walt finds the doors locked and finally has to go in through an unlatched window at the rear. Upstairs he finds Jesse's bedroom empty. He calls Jesse's phone again and sees that it's sitting on the bedside table. Walt returns to the lab, walks to one of the cameras and snarls "Where is he?"Mike is driving Jesse on a highway into the desert. He asks the young man if he wants to know where they are going. "Nope," a fatalistic Jesse says as the episode ends.
