Open with a younger Tio sitting in the yard while the the Cousins (Leonel and Marco, who appear to be about 10 or 11) play with a doll. Tio seems to be talking on the phone about Gus joining the cartel. One of the cousins breaks the toy, and the other comes crying to Tio. Tio explains its not a big deal but the kid says he wishes his brother were dead. Tio calls over the other boy and asks him to reach into the cooler and get him a beer. When he reaches down Tio holds the boy's head under water and asks his brother if this is what he wants. The boy eventually has to punch Tio before he'll let go. Tio looks down and the boys and says: "Family is all."Cut to the Cousins placing Hank's picture in an altar of death.Jesse returns home from the junkyard. Hank pulls in behind him and walks right up to the door. Just as Jesse is telling Hank he doesn't have anything on him, Hank punches him the face and jumps on top of him, screaming about how he knew his cell phone number. After a few vicious punches it's clear Jesse is unconscious. Hank calls an ambulance and stands by as Jesse is taken away.Saul visits Jesse in the hospital. He takes a picture of his mangled face and eye swollen shut, and refers to it as his "Get-out-of-jail-free" card. Walter comes into the room and Jesse tells him that Hank is finished, that he will spend the rest of his life hounding his brother-in-law for every dime he has. Jesse then says he plans to go back to cooking and his actual "Get-out-of-jail-free" card is Walter, as Jesse promises that if he gets busted he will hand over the great "Heisenberg."In the hallway Saul tells Walter that Jesse has now become a liability.When it comes time for Hank to give a statement he decides to take the fifth. The prosecutors inform him that Jesse is pressing charges and they take a picture of Hank's hands.Hank cleans out his desk. On his way out of the building he finds Marie waiting for him in the elevator. He sobs on her shoulder until the doors open. On their way out he tells her not to talk about this to anyone. She admits she's already told someone.Skyler visits Walter at the new apartment. After taking a few shots at his career, she asks him to talk to Jesse on behalf of Hank. Walter balks and she says that Hank is family. "Not currently," Walter says before dismisses her, telling her he's got stuff to do..The Cousins meet with an arms salesman. He shows them a some Black Talon hollow point pistol ammunition and tells them to keep the sample round he tosses them. The Cousins end up buying bulletproof vests after testing one of them out on the surprised salesman himself.At the next cooking session Walter finds fault with Gale's work.In a parking lot we see a semi-truck pull up and the Cousins parking behind it. The chatty driver opens the back of the truck & shows the Cousins several boxes of guns, ammunition and other military items. He shows them a box of "Black Death" hollow point rounds, ones that are meant to create horrible, gaping wounds in their targets. The driver gives one of the Cousins a free sample. The Cousins say nothing except one word: "Vests". The driver shows them bullet-proof vests & when asked if they're effective, one of the Cousins shoots him in the chest, checking the expended bullet to see how much protection they offer. Seemingly satisfied, they pay the man and walk off silently with two vests.Prior to meeting with the prosecutors, Marie tells Hank it doesn't seem fair he should be in so much trouble for doing his job. Hank takes ownership of the fact he went overboard, that "I'm supposed to be better than that." He goes on to admit that he had been in a downward spiral at his job ever since the incident when he had to shoot and Tuco. "I'm not the man I thought I was." He seems to think his career in law enforcement is over.Walter calls Gus and convinces him that he needs to get rid of Gale and bring on Jesse. Gus eventually agrees.Walter goes to Jesse and offers him a full partnership. Half of the deal: $1.5 million. Jesse turns him down, saying his life has gone down the toilet ever since meeting Walter. He reminds Walter he thought he was nothing, that the meth he made was terrible. Walter says Jesse's meth was just as good as his and leaves the room. As soon as Walter gets home his phone rings with Jesse having changed his mind. They are to be partners again.Hank admits everything he did with Jesse and he is suspended without pay and told to hand over his badge and gun. In the hallway Hank's boss tracks him down and tells him, unofficially, that for some reason Jesse has dropped the charges: "Maybe you have a guardian angel," he tells Hank.Later, Hank is in his SUV in a shopping center parking lot after getting flowers and a gift for his wife. As he's about to leave, he gets a phone call and an electronically disguised voice tells Hank that he has one minute to leave before two men show up to kill him. Panicking, Hank dials Steven Gomez, believing him the prank caller, while he scans the parking lot. He goes for his gun, then remembers it's been confiscated. He scans the clock on the dashboard, one minute passes, and just as he relaxes he spots Leonel, who shoots out the rear window and puts a bullet in Hank's arm as Hank throws his car into reverse and pins Leonel against another car. Marco, striding toward Hank's driver's-side window, fires multiple shots, one of which hits Hank in the side as Hank grabs Leonel's gun (which he had dropped into Hank's car through the smashed window as he got pinned between the cars) and dives out of the car. Marco shifts Hank's car into drive, releasing Leonel who falls to the ground. A badly wounded Leonel tells his brother, "Finish him!"Marco then strides across the parking lot searching for Hank. As he crosses the lot, he shoots and kills a man who surprises him. A nearby woman escapes the same fate when Marco runs out of bullets. As Marco reloads, he doesn't notice his "Black Death" bullet fall to the pavement. Hank surprises him from behind and empties Leonel's gun in Marco's chest as he turns around, but his vest protects him. Marco shoots Hank twice in the chest. Badly injured, Hank falls to the ground. Marco stands over him, aims his gun at Hank's head, then reconsiders. "No. Too easy," he says, walking away.Hank grabs Leonel's gun and notices the dropped bullet. His hands fumbling and slick with blood, he tries to load the "Black Death" bullet, dropping it twice. Marco goes back to his car, grabs an axe, and slowly walks back towards Hank, scraping the shiny silver head menacingly along the pavement. As he swings at Hank, Hank fires Leonel's gun into Marco. A bloody exit wound appears in the back of Marco's head, some of the gore getting on the camera, as he collapses, dead, and his axe lodges in the pavement a few feet away from Hank.
