Open at a seedy bar, presumably in Mexico. Our old friend Tortuga is drinking away and giving advice to patrons about how they can succeed in life. In walks a man Tortuga calls "boss" and the two share a drink. The boss apologizes for missing Tortuga's birthday and says he's got a present for him in the back. It's a turtle (Tortuga's nickname) and Tortuga is happy about the new pet. The boss paints something on the shell, and once Tortuga's sees the word DEA his face falls. The Cousins arrive from behind and Tortuga's head is removed from his body.Mike watches from his car as Walter removes the pizza from the roof. Mike calls someone (Gus?), tells him Walter is not aware "how close he came" and gets confirmation that Saul Goodman doesn't need to know what happened.Skyler returns home and is furious to see Walter's car. She calls from the driveway and tells him to leave. He refuses. She comes inside and threatens to call the police and tell them everything if he doesn't leave. Walter calls her bluff and lets her make the call. Walter Jr. comes home and Walter makes them cheese sandwiches. The police arrive and Walter Jr. is furious that Skyler called them. The police question Skyler and it becomes clear she has no legal resource to make him leave. The cop even asks her if Walter has broken any laws, anything to help force him to leave. She says nothing and they leave. "Welcome home," Skyler hisses at Walter before storming to the bedroom.Jesse is alone in the unfurnished house when Saul knocks on the door. He wants Jesse to call Walter and get him back in the cooking game. After Saul leaves Jesse calls Jane's voicemail and listens to her message.Hank tells Gomez he's learned "El Paso wants me back." Hank looks nervous at the news.The Cousins take Tio to a trailer in a remote location near a chicken farm. A car pulls up and out steps the boss from our opening-scene flashback. He smiles at the Cousins. Gus is inside the trailer and invites the four men inside. The boss apologizes for not giving Gus a heads up for the hit attempt on Walter. Apparently Tio is a former drug boss named Don Salamanco, who mentored Tuco in the business and thought of him as a son. The Cousins are actually Tuco's cousins and wanted revenge for Walter turning on Tuco. Gus tells them that he needs Walter alive for a few more months, but after that they can basically do what they want with him. Tio and the Cousins hate this notion and the boss takes Gus outside. He tells Gus to finish up with Walter quickly, as any delay could see him fall out of favor with the cartel. Also, he can't guarantee the Cousins will listen to him.We see Jesse continuing to call Jane's voicemail message over and over.Skyler is still shutting Walter out, not allowing him to even use the bathroom in their bedroom.Skyler ends up revealing to her attorney that Walter was involved with meth production. The lawyer tells her she must use this information to sue Walter for divorce. Skyler says she can't have Walter Jr. know his father was involved with drugs, especially given that Walter may not live much longer with his cancer.Hank and Gomez have lunch at a grungy bar. After telling Gomez he's not in a huge hurry to head down to El Paso, Hank notices a man pass drugs to another man. Hank goes to the bathroom and splashes water in his face. When he comes back he tells Gomez about the men and thinks they should bust them themselves. He eventually changes his mind and leaves. While Gomez is paying the bill, Hank takes off his gun and leaves it in the car. When Gomez comes out Hank goes back in and viciously beats the two men.After several more calls Jesse finally hears that Jane's number has been disconnected. We see him out in desert in the RV. Inside he has donned the cooking gear and appears ready to go to work.Walter leaves his bag full of cash in the living room and asks Skyler if they can talk.Gomez has covered for Hank with their superior, but is aware Hank left his gun behind.Walter tells Skyler that he did a terrible thing "for a good reason." He explains all the expenses he was hoping to help her take care of after he dies: college tuitions, physical therapy, mortgage, etc. He says he wants to return home and hopes she can give him her answer that night.Cut to Skyler making copies in the break room at her office. Ted walks in and she approaches him from behind. She moves in and kisses him, then asks if there is anyone at his house. Ted shakes his head no.Skyler returns home that night. Walter is making dinner and has invited Walter Jr.'s friend Louis over to thank him for giving Walter Jr. so many rides. Walter brings her into the kitchen and tells her he enjoyed their conversation earlier and thinks honesty is a good thing. Skyler picks up the salad, looks him squarely in the face and tells him in the most direct and crudest way possible, that she had sex with Ted.She then walks into the dining room and sits at the table with the teenage boys, carrying on as if normal, while a stunned Walter processes the information.
