In a German lab of some kind with an older man named Schuler tastes-tests sauces for chicken nuggets without speaking, a vacant look on his face. A woman whispers in his ear that three men are "back" to see him. After finishing tasting he walks down a large hallway, past a number of logos. Men are taking down one for Los Pollos Hermanos. Schuler walks past what appears to be his office and sees agents looking at a picture of him golfing with Gus Fring. He calmly grabs a defibrillator from the wall, walks into a bathroom, locks the door behind him and takes off his jacket and shirt. Perched on the commode, he places an electrode patch on his chest and a bare wire from another in his mouth, turns the machine on and several seconds later pitches forward onto the tile, dead.While we hear audio of Jesse talking to Walt on the phone about the ricin cigarette, we watch Walt making a new one with salt in the vial. They talk about wanting to make sure the cigarette isn't still laying around somewhere for a kid to find. Walt takes the ricin vial from the original cigarette and tapes it behind an electrical outlet in his room.Walt and Jesse search his apartment for hours. Eventually they find the cigarette in a Roomba. Jesse immediately starts weeping, upset that he had almost killed Walt. Walt consoles him, then mentions going "forward."There is knock on Mike's door. It's Walt and Jesse. They tell him they want to fill the product void left by Gus's death and need somebody to handle security and the acquisition of chemicals. It will be an equal, three-way partnership. Mike declines, saying he thinks Walt is a ticking time bomb and mentions he's sorry that Jesse does not realize it. Walt shakes his hand and tells him to let them know if he reconsiders.Gomez meets Hank at the door, telling him that a group of Germans have arrived. The owner of Schuler's company for which he headed the restaurant division, speaks about being interested in full compliance and helping the authorities in every way possible.Hank and Gomez sit with Merkert, who appears to be taking the heat for what happened and is being forced out. They tell him Gus's laptop has been destroyed. They are still looking for who gave Tio the bomb to kill Gus, and mention having new access to some of Gus's financial information. Merkert is disappointed that Gus was in front of him all this time even having him as a guest in his home with his family. He goes on to say that you think you know somebody and they are the completely different.Mike meets with a furtive 40ish woman named Lydia at a diner. After she makes a number of strange requests for exotic teas, Mike joins her in her booth. She was clearly a higher up in a part of Gus's operation. She hands him a list of the 11 people who have enough information to sink them and expresses concern about them rolling over when the DEA interviews them. Mike assures her his guys are solid and well-compensated; he has no such concerns. He makes her promise she won't try to kill them.Skyler doesn't want to get out of bed, but Walt rouses her.On his way into the DEA Mike walks past Chow and his attorney. Chow is clearly frightened of Mike and tries to light a cigarette in the lobby before Mike stops him. The wound on his hand where Mike shot him while rescuing him from the cartel. Mike sits down with Hank and Gomez. Hank grills him about his position as head of corporate security and his history as a Philadelphia police officer who left under highly questionable circumstances. Mike says all the right things and is not placed under arrest. On his way out Hank drops the bomb that they have found $2 million in an offshore account in the name of Mike's granddaughter. Hank says it's lucky for Mike he never touched the money, but hints that isn't the case for some of the other people they've talked to.Walt and Jesse tell Saul their plan to begin cooking again, wanting him to look into locations for a new lab. The one issue they're having is finding methylamine. Saul suggests they might cut their losses and retire, but Walt says he's broke.Chow calls Mike and says the DEA has called him in for another interview. His money is gone and he's worried. Mike says he'll be there in a few hours. When Chow hangs up we see a man is pointing a gun at him.At Chow's place Mike anticipates the trap and is able to get the drop on the gunman, a man named Chris who has already killed Chow. He tells Mike that Lydia promised him $10,000 for every person on the list he killed. Mike was worth triple and Chris needed the money. Mike coolly shoots Chris.Mike hides at Lydia's place and grabs her when she returns from work. He brings her to the bedroom and plans to kill her after her live-in nanny leaves. Lydia is upset that Mike plans to "disappear" her body, because she doesn't want her young daughter to think her mother abandoned her. She wants Mike to promise he won't do that. After some thought Mike asks if she can still get her hands on Methylamine. She says "maybe."Mike calls Walt, telling him "I've reconsidered. I'm in."We see Walt get into bed with Skyler. He tells him what she's feeling with Ted "will get easier." He kisses her on the shoulder and says "When we do what we do for good reasons we've got nothing to worry about. And there's no better reason than family."
