Open with a flashback to Walter and Skyler house-hunting while Skyler is very pregnant with Walter Jr. They are having a showing in their current home, which Skyler thinks is perfect for their price range. Walter thinks they can do better: "Why be cautious? We've got nowhere to go but up."Walter has a meeting with Gus. First he is frisked by Mike, who tells him he needs to get his car fixed -- the windshield is cracked and the front end is splattered with dried blood from the two dealers he hit while protecting Jesse. Gus asks for an explanation. Walter tells him he was coming to the rescue of a friend who was about to be killed. Walter implies that perhaps Gus gave the order for Tomas to be killed, an suggestion Gus does not care for. In the end Walter explains that Jesse is completely gone and he will continue to cook for Gus. Gus agrees, though he will be the one to pick Walter's next cooking assistant.Walter shows up to cook and sees Victor's car in the lot. The locks have been changed and Victor is now supervising the cooking the process. Gale Boetticher is back and will be Walter's partner again.Mike drops his granddaughter off at her parents' house with a few balloons. She is curious about the other balloons Mike is keeping for himself. That night Mike pulls up at a warehouse and lets the balloons float up the power lines, blowing the transformer and cutting the power. Inside we see armed men speaking Spanish. Two leave the warehouse and are quickly shot and executed by Mike. He enters the building and finds a hysterical woman tied up behind a desk. He throws one of her shoes down a darkened hallway and lures another man out before quickly shooting him as well. Inside the back room is a fourth and final gunmen hiding behind a wall. A scared Asian man indicates to Mike where the man is standing and Mike shoots him through the wall. The man tells Mike the gunmen held him prisoner and tried to steal chemicals from the warehouse which he manages. Once Mike finds out the woman can drive a car he shoots the man in his hand, telling him to have the scared woman from the receptionist's desk drive him to the hospital and tells him that trucks will be there in the morning to cart off the remaining supplies.Mike meets with Gus and shows him the phony passports he's taken off the men he's killed. They determine the gunmen were Cartel probing any weaknesses in Gus's operation. "They didn't find any," Mike says. Mike tells Gus he is still looking for Jesse.During the cooking process, Gale tells Walter he will do whatever it takes to improve the working relationship. However Walter likes things done, that's how Gale will do them. "Please teach me," says Gale, as Victor listens over his shoulder.Cut to Gale at home listening to opera music and trimming his house plants. There is a knock at the door. It is Gus. Gus sits down and tells Gale that Walter is ill and he expects at some point to have to replace him. Gus cannot afford to have his lab down for any amount of time. He asks Gale how long it will be until he can take over the cooking process. Gale eventually says he could do it after one more cook.During the next cook we see Gale asking Walter questions about the process.Mike goes to Saul's office. He ends up strong-arming Saul into giving him a false address for Jesse. The address is a trailer park somewhere in Virginia.Saul takes Walter to the laser tag location, chattering about how it'll be a great business for Walt to invest in. When they walk inside we see Victor was following them. Inside we see that this trip was only so Walter can meet with Jesse, who is hiding inside. Walter explains that he is back to cooking, but doesn't think Gus will keep him around much longer. Walter is aware Gale is trying to learn his secrets and has been trying to stall as much as possible. Walter tells Jesse the only solution is for them to kill Gale. Jesse doesn't want any part of the operation and thinks they should go the DEA. Walter says he is okay with killing Gale, but needs Jesse's help finding Gale's address. "I saved your life, Jesse," he says. "Are you going to save mine?"While at home with the family Walter gets a call from Jesse. Jesse has located the apartment where Gale lives. He once again tries to talk Walter out of killing the man, but Walter says he plans to do it that evening.That night Walter walks toward his car to leave. Victor pulls up and tells him there has been a spill at the lab and he has to take Walter there. Walter doesn't buy it, but can't talk Victor out of giving him the ride.At the lab Walter finds Mike waiting for him. Mike eventually admits that they are going to kill Walter and Walter begins pleading to be able to speak with Gus. He offers to cook for free, but Mike doesn't budge. In desperation, Walter offers up Jesse. Walter tells them Jesse is in town and he will help them get to him Mike agrees to let Walter call Jesse and arrange for a meeting. Jesse answers the phone as Mike listens. After Walter tells Jesse "it's going to have to be you," he blurts out that he is about to be killed at the lab and Jesse has a 20 minute head start. Mike hangs up the phone and points his gun at Walter. Walter tells them that Gus is going to need him. When they ask why, Walter says the address of Gale's apartment. Victor realizes what is happening and sprints away. Mike tries to call Gale and warn him.Gale is at home listening to his music and does not hear his cell phone vibrating. Jesse knocks on the door and Gale opens it. Jesse pulls out a gun and points it at Gale's head. Gale tells Jesse that "you don't have to do this." Jesse continues to point the gun at Gale's face as tears well in his eyes.The camera pans in front of Jesse just before he pulls the trigger as the episode ends.
