Following Todd's shooting of the unexpected visitor at the scene of their train heist, the gang minus Jesse takes apart the kid's dirt bike and disposes of it and the body chemically.Outside Todd joins Jesse for a smoke. Todd makes a comment about how things just sort of happen sometimes and Jesse punches him in the face.Todd makes his case to Walt, Jesse and Mike. He says that since the kid made them he didn't see any other way. Todd is asked to leave so they can decide what to do. Jesse obviously wants him gone, but Walt and Mike are in favor of keeping him around and watching him closely. Mike puts Todd up against a wall and says if he ever brings a gun to a mission without approval he's in deep trouble.Gomez joins an agent who is tailing Mike. They see Mike write something on a piece of paper and hide it under a garbage can. After Mike leaves they investigate and find the letter is directed to them: "f$#@ you."Mike uses the bug in Hank's office and listens to them talking about him. It sounds as if they're going to stay on top of him, waiting for a slip-up.Skyler spends time with Marie and Holly. She's emotional and makes reference to wanting to be with the kids but feeling it wouldn't be safe. Marie pushes her and pushes her for information. When Skyler says there are things she's done that if Marie knew about she'd never talk to her again Marie references her affair with Ted as Skyler subtly seethes that Walt told her sister about that.At the next cook Jesse sees a television news report detailing the hunt to find the boy Todd shot. Jesse's clearly bothered by the whole thing and Walt tells him it's been eating him up as well. Walt says once they finish cooking the chemical they stole this will all be over. Walt agrees to finish the cook himself and Jesse notices Walt is whistling while he works.On his way to drop off the batch Walt finds Mike and Jesse having a meeting. Mike tells Walt about the DEA following him and says because of this he's going to leave the business. Walt seems okay with this, until Jesse drops the bomb that he wants out as well. He and Mike have found somebody who will buy their 2/3 of the Methylamine for $10 million. Walt is aghast, given that the value of cooking the entire batch of chemical is $300 million. Jesse says $5 million is more money than he's ever seen and asks Walt whether they were in the money business or the meth business.Mike and Jesse meet with the buyer, somebody Mike knew from his time with Gus. He has figured out that 666 gallons of Methylamine means there is a third partner who isn't selling out. He wants the blue product off the market in order to increase his market share and will only buy the entire 1,000 gallons for $15 million.Walt gets a call from Jesse, who wants to talk. He invites him over to his house. Jesse tells Walt about needing Walt to sell in order for him to get his $5 million and get out. Jesse mentions that originally all Walt wanted was $737,000 in order to leave his family in good shape after he died. Walt then brings up Gray Matter and says that he sold his share for $5,000 and the company is now worth billions. Walt says he wants to build an empire and Jesse asks whether a meth empire is something to be proud of. Skyler walks in and there is an awkward exchange where Walt re-introduces her to Jesse. Jesse is going to leave, but Walt insists he stay for dinner.Dinner is as awkward as one might expect, with Jesse carrying most of the conversation. It gets even worse when Skyler mentions her affair. Drinking wine the entire time and not eating she then asks to leave the table. Afterwards Walt tells Jesse about her saying that she is waiting for him to die. He says the business is all he has left in life.Walt tries to steal the Methylamine and finds Mike waiting for him, anticipating that very thing happening. Mike keeps Walt there at gunpoint, holding him until the sale the following day. In the morning Mike says he has to run an errand and binds Walt to the radiator. Walt quickly gets to work fashioning a mini-torch to cut his restraints and get loose.We see Mike and Saul meet with Hank and Gomez. They have filed a restraining order against the DEA and a judge has granted the motion. Afterwards Saul tells Mike that it won't last much more than a day. Mike tells him that's all he'll need.Mike returns to find the Methylamine is gone. He pulls his gun and finds Walt and Jesse in the back room. Jesse stops Mike from shooting Walt, telling him he needs to listen to Walt's plan, which somehow consists of Mike getting his $5 million and Walt getting his Methylamine.
