We open with the half-burned pink stuffed animal (from the opening of the season premiere) floating in the pool. A man in what looks like a biohazard suit fishes out the toy and places it in an evidence bag. The camera pans over a line of evidence bags sitting next to the pool, the final one of which appears to contain Walter's glasses.Jesse (Aaron Paul) and Walter (Bryan Cranston) meet covertly at a convenience store. Walter tells him they must wait until the fallout of his disappearing act dies down before they can start cooking again. Jesse complains that Hank (Dean Norris) took all his cash. He and Walter are supposed to be 50/50 partners, and Walter passes him 600 bucks.Skyler (Anna Gunn) wakes up and is briefly alarmed when Walter isn't in bed. He's in the kitchen preparing breakfast for the family. The three have relatively normal conversation. After Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) leaves for school, Walter offers up a lame alarm-based excuse for his alleged second cell phone. When he looks up from the dishes, he finds that Skyler has gotten in her car and left. He calls her cell phone and sees that she didn't take it with her.Jesse has a meeting with his parents (Tess Harper and Michael Bofshever) in a lawyer's office. They tell him they are taking back his house, which belonged to his aunt. While he was missing, Jesse's mother went into the house and took pictures of the meth setup in the basement. If Jesse doesn't vacate the premises in 72 hours, they will take the photos to the police.When Skyler returns to the house, she tells Walter only that she went "out." They make awkward small talk in the bedroom; then Skyler goes into the bathroom and shuts the door.Jesse's mother wakes him up at his house. She makes it clear that they were serious about kicking him out, and we see that movers are already taking out the furniture. The two yell at each other, and his mother slaps him.Walter Jr.'s friend shows up to take him to school, and Walter is displeased to hear that Walter Jr. is now going by the name Flynn. Skyler tells Walter that "your disappearance upset him." She tells him she is going "out" again as the phone rings with a desperate Jesse. Walter hangs up on him as Skyler leaves. Jesse calls a second and then a third time; Walter, incensed, rips the phone out of the wall.Jesse tries to crash with a former band mate named Paul (Drew Waters). Paul initially agrees to let Jesse stay for a few days, but when his wife (Shauna McLean) returns home, the idea is vetoed and Jesse is out.While Jesse is on a pay phone being turned down by yet another friend for a place to stay, someone steals his motorcycle and the box containing all his belongings.Jesse breaks into the garage where Badger's (Matt Jones) cousin Clovis (Tom Kiesche) is keeping the RV. Going over the fence, Jesse falls through the roof of a porta-john and becomes covered with the blue liquid. He staggers into the RV and collapses in tears on the floor.The following morning Skyler leaves yet again, and Walter decides to take Walter Jr. for a driving lesson. The lesson does not go well: the two argue over technique, and Walter Jr. bumps into a construction barrel.Clovis follows the blue footprints and finds Jesse in the RV. When Jesse tells him it will take a few days for him to pay for the tow and repairs, Clovis suggests he extract payment by selling the cooking equipment. Jesse offers extra money, but Clovis kicks him out. While Clovis is on the phone with a guy about selling the meth gear, Jesse jumps over the fence and crashes the RV out through Clovis's front gate.Walter and Skyler finally have a conversation in the living room. Walter apologizes for his recent actions and assures her he isn't having an affair. This doesn't impress Sklyer. "Say something that isn't complete bull****," she screams. "You have to tell me what's really going on. No more excuses." Walter doesn't spill the beans, and Skyler leaves. While he's in the driveway trying to convince her not to go, Walter looks up and sees Jesse's RV parked on the street.Walter storms into the RV, and there's a shouting match. Walter screams at Jesse that he is nothing more than a stupid junkie. Jesse attacks Walter, and the two end up on the ground with Jesse choking Walter. Jesse considers punching him but thinks better of it and collapses next to him in a heap.Walter takes Jesse inside the house and gives him half the cash he has stored in the vent. He asks Jesse if he wants any breakfast.We see Skyler walk out of a convenience store and climb into her car. She pulls out a cigarette and puts it in her mouth. A woman in another car shakes her head at the sight of a visibly pregnant woman smoking. Skyler pauses, then lights up and takes an enormous drag.
