We begin in black-and-white, with the mysterious biohazard guys moving the pink stuffed bear from poolside. They walk past what appears to be Walter's car. The front windshield of the vehicle has been smashed, and we see that (gasp) there are two body bags next to it in the driveway.Walter (Bryan Cranston) wakes up and examines his battered hand. He shaves his head, and we see that the tap water looks a little rust-colored. Skyler (Anna Gunn) tells Walter she wants him to take the rest of the week off in preparation for a party that weekend. She leaves for work and insists he take it easy while she's gone. After some internal debate, Walter calls Jesse (Aaron Paul) and tells him he wants to meet.At a diner Walter tells Jesse the good news about his remission. Jesse is ecstatic. They discuss the future of their business, and Walter says he wants to stop cooking after they finish selling their current supply.At the party Skyler thanks everyone for their support and refers to Gretchen and Elliott Schwartz's (Jessica Hecht and Adam Godley) financial assistance. Walter gives a rather existential toast, saying he's not sure why he was given cancer or why he is in remission.Walter, Hank (Dean Norris) and Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) sit poolside during the party. While Hank and Walter drink tequila, Hank tells them about the cartel bombing. Walter pours his son a shot. Walter Jr. chokes it down, and his unsmiling father pours another. Hank seems unsure of this idea, and Walter is annoyed when Walter Jr. looks to Hank for reassurance. Walter Jr. takes the shot and Walter pours another, despite Hank's insistence that he not give the 16-year-old any more booze. Hank takes the tequila bottle away from the table and Walter follows him, insistent that it is his house and his son. During this awkward exchange, Walter Jr. throws up into the pool.Jesse makes breakfast for Jane (Krysten Ritter), and it seems the two are getting along well.Walter wakes up and realizes what happened the night before. He calls Skyler to apologize, but she intentionally lets it go to voicemail. Walter notices that his water heater looks shot.As Skyler listens to Walter's message, Ted (Christopher Cousins) comes into the break room. She tells him about Walter's cancer.Walter splurges on a tankless water heater and tells the clerk he plans to install it himself.Jesse shows Jane some comic superheroes he drew years earlier. She thinks they all look like him. There's a knock on her door, and she sees it's her father, Donald Margolis (John de Lancie). She goes out one back door and in the other so she can open her front door to greet her father. While she speaks with him, Jesse walks out his front door (right beside hers) and introduces himself, but Jane acts as if he's nothing more than the tenant.Walter shows Walter Jr. the new water heater and lines. Walter apologizes to his son for the way he acted during the party. When Walter Jr. boasts that he "kept up" with his father and uncle, Walter gets emotional. Walter notices that some of the wood near the tank has gotten soft.Jesse confronts Jane about how she acted around her father. He cites their relationship, but she says she was protecting him not to tell her dad that the tenant is a stoner and she's been sleeping with him. She views the relationship more casually than he does, and he storms out of the house.Walter buys more tools at the hardware store and goes into the crawl space beneath the house. He tells Walter Jr. that some of the wood is rotting and needs to be replaced.Ted comes into Skyler's office, and while they discuss a client she begins to cry. She dismisses it as hormones, but Ted sits down and asks her what's going on. Skyler says the good news about Walter's cancer "doesn't feel any different." He tells her about his father's death and how difficult it is to be the support mechanism for someone who is sick. He reaches out and takes her hand.Skyler and Walter Jr. attempt to have breakfast over the noise of Walter's working under the house. When he surfaces, she asks him whether he plans to return to work. He says, "Skyler, there's rot," and heads back down.As a troubled Jesse smokes some meth, a piece of paper is slid under his door. Jane has drawn a superhero she has named "Apology Girl." Jesse smiles.Near the end of the workday, Skyler intentionally knocks over a cup to draw Ted into her office.Walter goes back to the hardware store to get some paint. While there, he spots a guy whose cart contains supplies to cook meth. Walter gives him some good advice, including that he buy different matches and not get so many things at one store. The guy freaks out and leaves the store. In the parking lot he confers with an enormous man by an RV. Walter approaches, glares at the large man and tells him, "Stay out of my territory." The big guy backs down, and he and his helper drive off.
