Open with a county cop sent to check on an elderly woman whose out-of-state daughter hasn't heard from her in a few days. At her desert home, he finds the doors locked and there is no answer to his knocking. He peers inside and we can see that the drawing of Heisenberg is inside. The officer spots two men's shirts hanging from a clothing line and eventually, led by the feasting flies, finds the body of the woman. He calls for back-up and pulls his shotgun out of the truck. He asks for the person inside to come out. While one of Tuco's Cousins opens the door and steps out, the other walks stealthily up behind the officer and kills him with an ax.Walter and Skyler have a phone conversation. She's looked over the divorce papers he completed and doesn't like that he's committed to providing overwhelming financial assistance. She doesn't want meth money but he reminds her she's been living off of it for six months. Walter buys himself an apartment.The Cousins arrive at Gus's Los Pollos Hermanos and simply take a seat at a booth in the back.Jesse shows Badger and Skinny Pete some of the new product he's cooked. Badger does a line and cannot believe the quality. Jesse suggests they return to selling, an idea which makes both of them nervous. Jesse seems to convince them it will work as long as they keep the operation low-key. He tells Badger to have Clovis do some maintenance on the RV and get it ready for more use.As Badger and Skinny Pete leave Jesse's house, we see that Hank is at the other end of the block monitoring Jesse's place in the hopes he will be lead him to the RV. Hank recognizes Badger and scribbles some notes.We see Walter getting himself ready for work. He makes a lunch and changes into nicer clothes. Walter takes Walter Jr. to school. His son is upset to have learned Walter and Skyler are getting a divorce.Gus arrives at work the next day to see the Cousins sitting quietly in the same booth. One of the store's managers points out to Gus that the men are back and wonders if they should call the police. Gus tells her they are doing nothing wrong.Walter arrives at the underground cooking lab and meets Gale, his new lab assistant. Gale has a Master's in organic chemistry and has a background in several areas with which Walter is familiar. Gale also makes fantastic coffee. They spend hours working on a huge new batch of blue meth. Afterwards Gale tells Walter that he's a Libertarian and believes people will get their drugs somehow, at least this way he's ensuring there will be no additional toxins present. The two seem both to love chemistry and working in a lab.While sitting on Jesse's house Hank gets a call from Marie. She's upset that he's spending so much time on this stakeout and suggests Hank call Walter to see if he knows anything about Jesse. Hank calls Walter and reveals that the DEA are on to Jesse and the RV.Walter calls Jesse but hangs up after Jesse answers. He decides to call Saul. The advice Saul has is for Walter to destroy the RV.Cut to Badger hanging out with Clovis while he works on the RV. Walter screams up the driveway and tells Clovis they must destroy the RV and its evidence that could get all of them in trouble. Clovis has a suggestion and the two leave to make the call. Badger calls Jesse to tell him Walter is about to destroy the RV. Jesse sprints from his house and jumps into his car with Hank right behind.Back at Los Pollos Hermanos, the Cousins are starting to annoy customers, so Gus agrees to meet with them that night at sunset.Walter has driven the RV to a junkyard and pays the owner to make sure it is crushed and completely destroyed and sent overseas. At this point an angry Jesse storms into the RV demanding to know what Walter is up to. Walter looks out a window and spots Hank in his truck. Walter locks all the doors and windows and pulls down the shades.After knocking on every window Hank (who does not know Walter is inside the RV) goes back to his truck for a tire iron. Just as he's about to pry open the main door of the RV, the junkyard owner points out that legally Hank cannot enter the RV without a warrant. Hank eventually says "fine" and goes to his truck to start the process of getting the warrant.Running out of options, Walter calls Saul and asks for help. Saul has a female assistant call Hank with the terrible news that Marie has been in a bad car accident and is on her way to the hospital. Hank immediately leaves the scene.Hank arrives at the hospital in what appears to be full-fledged panic attack. He gets a "checking in" call from Marie while he's standing near the ER. Hank realizes he's been duped and we cut to the RV being destroyed while Walter and Jesse look on.Gus meets with the Cousins out in the desert. Gus still needs to use Walter for more business, but the Cousins think they've waited to long for their revenge. Gus suggests they exact revenge on the DEA agent who actually fired the weapon that killed their cousin Tuco. The DEA is normally off-limits, but since the U.S. is Gus's territory, he sanctions the hit on Hank. The Cousins seem to find this an acceptable compromise.
