Open to a flashback of when Walter gave Jesse $7,000 cash to buy the RV. We see that Jesse immediately took the money to the strip club, joking with his buddies that some "old dude" gave him his life savings. After stumbling out of the strip club $5,600 poorer, Jesse realizes he has to find an RV. Jesse's buddy takes the rest of the cash in exchange for taking an RV from someone he knows.Cut to Skyler spending more time with Ted at his place. She is amazed by the heated floors in his bathroom and appears to be enjoying the tryst.While sitting in the closet of the spare room he's using, Walter talks to Jesse on the phone about the split payment from Gus. Jesse is furious and initially accuses Walter of working something out with Gus. Walter assures him he has no idea why the cash was given to him but plans to find out.Hank and Gomez are on the trail of the aforementioned RV. They find one in a lot and are uncertain if it could be the one they are looking for. Hank climbs to the roof and sees an elderly couple playing cards half-naked. They spot him and start yelling. After smoothing things over with the couple, Hank learns that Gomez has taken his El Paso job.Hank and Marie talk about Gomez going to El Paso. He says he's happy with the decision, but she is aware that he's still having residual issues from the bombing. He won't talk about anything and she leaves the room.Walter meets with Gus. Walter has figured out that Gus is trying to pull him into business. Walter seems upset when Gus says Jesse's meth was roughly the same quality as Walter's. Walter thinks Gus is trying to coax him back to cooking by preying on the pride he has in his work. Gus apologizes and asks Walter to take a ride with him.Skyler pauses in her car before going to see Ted for one of their nooners. Marie calls and talks about Hank, saying she's worried something "is eating him away from the inside."Gus takes Walter to an industrial dry cleaning warehouse he owns. He raises an enormous machine to reveal a hidden stairwell. Down the stairs Gus shows Walter a secret room filled with state-of-the-art cooking equipment. When Walter asks where they are, Gus answers "your new lab." Gus assures him that the location is completely secure and all he needs is for Walter to produce 200 pounds per week to keep the facility economically viable. Walter apologizes, but says he still cannot do it. Gus counters by saying Walter was simply doing what men always do: providing.After the Whites' dinner, the baby begins crying. Skyler suggests Walter pick her up and he begins to tear up. While Walter holds the baby Skyler leaves the room.Gomez has his going away party. Hank awkwardly makes nice and gives him a present. Hank's assistant says the last possible RV lead in the state was a hit: An RV didn't have its tags renewed, but it was never reported as non-operationally destroyed.Skyler goes to Walter's room and pulls his giant Bag O' Cash down from the closet. She stares at the bills. Cut to Skyler with her lawyer. She tells her about the affair with Ted and says she will never be able to have her children know their father was connected to drugs. The conversation turns towards the cash and it seems Skyler is thinking strongly about using the money. The lawyer says she is now culpable and thinks Skyler should leave the house.Skyler goes to Walter's room and finds he has signed the divorce application and left it for her.Walter meets with Jesse and Saul. Saul tells Walter that Jesse is offering to give Walter 10 percent of his future solo earnings in exchange for the rest of the Gus money. It's obvious the idea came from Saul, as Jesse hates giving Walter money for "sitting on his fat ass judging people." Walter pulls out the bag of money and hands it over. Walter then tells Jesse that Gus was only using him to get Walter back. Jesse asks whether Walter is cooking again, to which he replies: "I'm in, you're out." On his way out of the office he tells them his deal with Gus is for $3 million for three months. Walter then talks Saul down to just a five percent cut to help him launder the money. Walter warns Jesse not to use his formula. "Try and stop me, bitch," Jesse says before storming out of the office.Out in the parking lot Jesse take a huge rock and throws it into Walter's windshield, shattering the glass.Hank arrives at the home of a Mrs. Ortega and asks about the RV. She says it was stolen and he asks why it was never reported. She confesses that her son Combo stole it, but he was shot and killed several months ago. Hank looks through Combo's room and finds a picture of him and Jesse at the strip club.
