Open with Walt looking nervously at Saul's car parked in front of his home. With his gun drawn he goes inside, finding the place empty. Inside the car he finds a CD with what appears to be drug residue.While cleaning crews work to get rid of the gasoline, Walt tells Huell to stop by Walter Jr.'s school to make sure he's okay. Walt leaves a message on Jesse's cell phone, saying he wants to talk. Walt is adamant about keeping the same door locks, and is told that there is really no way to get rid of the gas smell in the living room. In response Walt pours gasoline on his clothes and in his car, throws Jesse's gas can in a neighbor's trash, but changes his mind and retrieves it, then waits for Skyler to return.When Skyler gets back Walt tells her and Walter Jr. that there was a malfunction at the gas pump. The pump sprayed him with gas and he accidentally left his gas-covered clothes on the living room floor while he showered. Walter Jr. thinks the story is bunk, assuming his sick father passed out. Walt tells Skyler he's taking them to a hotel.Walt jumps in the car with Saul and Kuby to get an update. There is no sign of Jesse. Saul suggests killing Jesse when they find him and Walt is adamant that is not an option.Walt returns to the hotel to find a slightly drunken Skyler very aware that he was just meeting with Saul. Confronted with his deception he tells her about Jesse. She is also of the opinion Jesse should be "handled" given the risk he poses to their family.We flash back to Jesse dumping the gas at Walt's place. Just before he can ignite the home Hank pops in the door with his gun drawn. Jesse tells him about Brock and Hank suggests there is another way to get Walt back. He takes him away just seconds before Walt pulls up.We see Marie meeting with her therapist. She won't tell him specifics about what's going on in her life, but admits she's so mad at someone she's been researching different types of untraceable poisons.Marie returns home to Hank having packed her bags. He wants her to leave for a day but she senses something is going on. He shows her a sleeping Jesse in a spare room. He says the only place he can keep Jesse is their home. When he promises Jesse being there is bad for Walt she is supportive. Hank listens to a message Walt left for Jesse on his phone.Late that night Walter Jr. finds his father sitting at the hotel's poolside doing some thinking. Walt tries to reassure him he's going to beat the cancer again and Walter Jr. reaches out to tearfully hug him. After Walter Jr. leaves Walt grabs his phone and makes a call.Jesse wakes up to find Hank and Gomez sitting in the living room. Hank is setting up a video camera. After a little bit of coaxing Jesse begins to tell his story. Afterwards Gomez and Hank think Jesse is telling the truth but there is no physical evidence to convict Walt. Hank plays Gomez and Jesse the voicemail where Walt tells Jesse he'll be waiting for him at a very public plaza the following afternoon. Jesse is fearful about what Walt is capable of but agrees to wear a wire when Hank explains there is really no other way. When Jesse goes to the bathroom Hank makes it clear to Gomez that he couldn't care less if Jesse is killed in the process of busting Walt.Wearing a wire Jesse walks towards Walt, who is seated in on a bench in the middle of the square. Jesse spots a large bald man nearby and gets nervous. He walks over to a payphone and calls Walt, telling him "nice try." Jesse then gives Walt a head's up that he is coming for him, "where you really live." We see the bald man was not there with Walt.An angry Hank picks Jesse up and demands to know what just happened. Jesse tells him there is a "better way" to get Walt.Walt gets in his car and calls Todd. He says "I think I might have another job for your uncle."
