We see a pair of eyeglasses on the floor next to shoes with blood dripping down from an unseen person. The person picks up the glasses.Walt gets out of his car wearing the same shoes from the opening scene. He's picking up Hank and Hank makes a reference to minerals while Marie is helping him into the car.They are actually headed to Los Pollos Hermanos to pick up the tracer Walt stuck on Gus's car. Walt notices in the rear view that they're being followed. With Tyrus looking on Walt retrieves the tracking device. He heads right back to the car, which Hank doesn't like.Hank plugs in the tracking device at home. All it shows is Gus's car going back and forth between work and home. Hank thinks "a guy this clean has to be dirty."Walt leaves his driveway and pulls right up next to Tyrus's car and rolls the window down. He calls 911 and reports a suspicious man driving a car the color of Tyrus's and drives away.Walt arrives at the lab and finds Jesse sitting in the parking lot, having already started that week's cook. Walt asks for a cigarette and Jesse lights him up. Walt asks what he's been up to. Jesse talks about watching reality TV and promises to eventually kill Gus. Walt says "What does it matter? We're both dead men anyway."We see Skyler doing the books for the business. She calls Walt and tells him Walter Jr.'s birthday is coming up and they should buy him a used car. Walt tells her she should pick it out. She says business is good, so good in fact that maybe he doesn't need to work his second job. She thinks in another month or two they'll be turning a profit and he should think about an exit strategy: "I'm working on it," Walt says.Hank calls Walt and says he thinks he's onto Gus. He's found out that Los Pollos Hermanos has a main distribution center with tons of space to hide illicit activity. He wants Walt to give him a ride out there and Walt says he's in the bathroom. Hank says he'll find another ride and Walt perks up, saying he can help out in a day or two. They hang up and Walt calls Mike to tell him Hank's interest in the distribution center. Mike hangs up without saying a word.Jesse is helping repackage a bunch of product. Mike says it's going "elsewhere" and Jesse spots Gus supervising.Ted () drops by to see Skyler at work. He says he needs to talk to his former bookkeeper and lover. He shows her that his company is being audited by the criminal division of the IRS the following day. He's facing a huge fine and prison time and asks her if there is any way she could uncook his books. She says she can't have an audit in her life right now and he ends up leaving.While cleaning up things at the distribution center Jesse asks Mike if Gus is going to kill Hank. With Gus in the background Jesse talks through the pros and cons of knocking off the lone DEA agent looking into Gus and whether Walt would continue to work for Gus. Mike asks if Jesse would have a problem if anything happened to Hank and Jesse responds "Who cares what I think?"While helping load things onto a truck a man is killed in front of Jesse. With silenced sniper bullets landing everywhere Jesse freezes and Mike pushes him out of the way just before he is killed. Gus walks out of the building and heads right toward the shooter. Bullets land near his feet but he continues to walk. Gus holds his arms to the side and stares in the direction of the sniper, who we see is the man Gus met with before. The shooter smirks and lifts his sniper rifle in preparation to leaving.Gus gets a phone call. He answers in Spanish and says "Tell them, the answer is 'yes.'"During a cook Jesse and Mike arrive with the body of the man killed next to Jesse; The body is to be disposed of in a barrel as has been done before. Walt starts complaining about having to dispose of a corpse and wonders what this person could have done to piss off Gus. Mike gets mad, telling Walt to be quiet. He adds that if Walt ever calls the police on one of his guys he should "get two barrels."The barrel is taken away. Jesse awkwardly thanks Mike, who says "next time don't stand there like an idiot." Jesse asks about Gus walking directly into the bullets and Mike says that the cartel needs Gus and his distribution network. When Jesse wonders if the rest of them are disposable Mike suggests he ask Gus himself.Ted is grilled by the IRS agent about the inconsistencies in his paperwork and unreported income. Skyler walks in in a push-up bra and a wild blonde hairdo, brilliantly feigning being an airhead. She pretends not to know what the agent is talking about when he mentions that not declaring income is illegal. She tells the guys she's never had any training, basically implying that she was hired because she slept with Ted. The agent asks whether she's managing accounts anywhere else. She says she's just a cashier in a car wash, which is the impression Ted is under.Outside the building Skyler tells Ted that she just saved him from prison. He needs to figure out a way to pay what he owes or they will re-open the investigation. He says "I wish I could" and drives off.Jesse sits in his car fingering his "special" cigarette before knocking on Gus's front door. Gus invites him in and we see him cooking. Mike has said he has questions. Gus says "we'll eat first and then we'll talk." At dinner Jesse asks why he's there. Gus says he'll explain everything, but wants to know if he can replicate Walt's formula. Jesse says no, gets indignant and wonders if he's there so Gus can kill Walt and have him take over. Gus says that is not what this is about, that Jesse is there to help him prevent an "all-out war" with the cartel. He then asks Jesse the question again.Skyler is having trouble sleeping. She opens the hatch and looks at the cash she has hidden in the crawlspace under the house.Walt leaves after a cook. We learn that he's placed one of Hank's trackers on Jesse's car. While he looks at the results he listens to voicemail from Jesse who wants him to come over.Jesse tells Walt that he's been asked to go to Mexico. The cartel has been messing with the information and Jesse tells him about the sniper. The cartel wants half of Gus's operation and Walt's formula. Since Gus doesn't trust Walt, Jesse is supposed to go down there and teach a bunch of kids how to make "the Blue." Jesse is panicking, thinking that if he screws this up he is dead. Walt listens to this silently and asks whether Jesse met with Gus. Jesse says no, then Walt confronts him about his lie. Jesse says he never had a chance to do it. Walt is furious and thinks that Jesse wasted the opportunity to save their lives. Walt admits that he placed the tracker on his car. He says that Jesse has signed his death warrant and tells him he knows he'll go to Mexico and screw up. Jesse throws the tracking device at Walt's face and the two begin to fight. They each get in some good shots before collapsing next to each other. Walt tries to find his glasses and Jesse knocks him face-first into a coffee table. Jesse then gets on top of Walt and gets in a few solid punches.They stand up and Jesse asks "Can you walk?" When Walt says he can Jesse responds: "Then get the f--- out of here and never come back."
