Open with Hank (Dean Norris), Marie (Betsy Brandt), Skyler (Anna Gunn) and Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) all waiting with Walter (Bryan Cranston) prior to his having a PET scan. Marie grumbles that Walter will have to wait a week for the results and suggests that technicians like her can tell results of such scans with a quick glance. Walter has a coughing fit in the bathroom.After his scan, Walter steals a glance at a reflection of the resulting image. One of his lungs appears to harbor an ominous-looking white mass.Walter meets with Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) and asks about laundering money for his family to use. Minus fees, Walter would have only about $10,000. "I have to cook more, a lot more," he says.Walter and Skyler lie in bed and talk. Walter thinks he should go see his mother, in part to make sure she will leave money for Skyler and Walter Jr. Skyler interprets this to mean that Walter thinks the test results will be negative. "I actually think the news from the scan is going to be good," Skyler says. "Perhaps you should prepare for that."Postcoitus, Jane (Krysten Ritter) suggests that she and Jesse (Aaron Paul) go to the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum. While they're getting dressed, Walter calls and tells Jesse to buy more supplies, because they need to cook for the next four days. When Jesse wonders why, Walter tells him their methylamine is going bad, and they need to use it before it loses its potency.Skyler drops Walter off at the airport. He walks into the terminal and comes back out a few seconds later. Jesse pulls up in the RV, and they leave for an outlying cooking location. Walter can't believe Jesse brought a meth lab to the airport, but it saves time. When they arrive at a remote spot in the desert, Jesse notices he isn't getting any cell service. Jesse wants to call Jane, but Walter won't let him use his phone. Walter tells Jesse to move the car keys from their work station, and Jesse puts them back in the ignition.We see a cooking montage. At the end of several days, they have made approximately $1.3 million worth of meth. The two are fired up with their production. Walter wants to keep cooking, but Jesse talks him into one night off back in town before returning the next day. When Jesse tries to start the RV, he finds that the battery is dead. Walter is furious at Jesse's stupidity. They decide to try to jump the battery with the generator. After several pulls, the generator blows up and Jesse uses the last of their water to put out the flames. Again Walter is beside himself.Jesse still can't get cell service, so they use Walter's phone to call Skinny Pete (Charles Baker) and give him directions to their location. Later that night, Pete still hasn't arrived. Jesse talks to him again, and it sounds as though Pete got the directions completely wrong. During the conversation the phone's battery runs out.The next morning, Walter is attempting to hand-crank the generator and trickle-charge the battery. They spend most of the day taking turns cranking. Jesse realizes that Walter is sick and that he lied about the methylamine out of a sense of urgency. They finally try the RV. It turns over initially but quickly dies. Walter leaves the RV, and Jesse sees that he is now coughing up blood.Walter and Jesse seem to be accepting the fact that they might die. Walter has to talk Jesse out of trying to leave on foot, given his level of dehydration. Jesse suggests that Walter put his expertise to good use to come up with another plan, maybe a new battery. Walter sits up and tells him to start gathering any pieces of galvanized metal he can find. He constructs a makeshift battery from copper wire, galvanized metals, chemicals from the meth production supplies and some sponges. Walter tries the RV and gets it to start.Jesse drops Walter off at the airport. He promises Walter that no matter what happens, his family will get his share.The gang from the opening scene meets with Dr. Delcavoli (David House). He tells Walter he is showing signs of remission. Usually doctors look for a 25 to 35 percent reduction in tumor mass for Stage 3 patients. In Walter's case the tumor has reduced by 80 percent. The group is ecstatic. It turns out the white "mass" on Walter's PET scan was just tissue inflammation caused by the radiation. The blood in his cough is due to a tear in his esophagus. Though Walter is not out of the woods, Dr. Delcavoli tells them they "have earned some celebrating."After washing his hands in the bathroom, Walter proceeds to repeatedly and violently punch the metal towel dispenser.
