Jesse (Aaron Paul) meets with Skinny Pete (Charles Baker), who provides the names and address of Spooge (David Ury) and his woman (Dale Dickey), the junkies who robbed him. Pete tells Jesse the two "need to get got."After a few tokes from the meth pipe, Jesse goes up to the door with loaded revolver in hand. While practicing his tough-guy lines, he is briefly interrupted by a pleasant mail carrier. When no one answers, he breaks in through a window and starts rifling through the filthy house. A young child comes wandering into the room and turns on a shopping network on TV. Jesse asks the dirty boy where his parents are, but the kid continues staring at the screen. Jesse tells the child his name is Diesel and attempts to find something more age-appropriate on the TV. Realizing the TV gets only the one channel, Jesse returns to the couch and asks again when the kid's parents are supposed to be home. The child turns to him and says, "I'm hungry."Home alone, Skyler (Anna Gunn) listens to a voicemail from Gretchen Schwartz (Jessica Hecht). Gretchen was worried when she learned that Walter's (Bryan Cranston) cell phone was disconnected, and she's checking up on the family. Skyler calls her back and catches her while she's driving in her Bentley. Skyler apologizes for not being in touch and thanks Gretchen and Elliott (Adam Godley) for paying Walter's cancer-treatment bills. Gretchen looks shocked but does not reveal that Walter told them his insurance would take care of the treatment. Skyler says she'd love to catch up, and Gretchen suggests that afternoon.Walter is back in class for the first time. During a lecture on carbon, Principal Carmen (Carmen Serano) drops by to observe. After class she tells Walter how glad they are to have him back at school. When Walter asks if everything is okay, she says she wants to be sure he feels comfortable coming to her with any issues, adding that it would be completely confidential.Getting ready to leave school for the day with Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte), Walter finds one of his missing posters stuck under his windshield wipers. Someone has added "I'm" and "My Pants!" to either side of the "MISSING" and has written a word bubble saying "I'm Buck Naked!" Walter crumples it up and tells Walter Jr. not to worry about it.Jesse has given the boy a roll and is sitting with him in the kitchen. He plays peekaboo and the kid laughs. He hears voices and rushes the kid into a bedroom. When Spooge and his woman come in the back door, Jesse hits the man in the head and holds them at gunpoint.In the car Walter Jr. tells his dad he has an idea who might have redesigned the poster. Walter suggests they find the culprit and bury him naked in the desert surrounded by fire ants. Walter Jr. likes the joke.They pull into the driveway and see Gretchen's car. After exchanging pleasantries, Walter Jr. thanks Gretchen for their help with Walter's treatment. Gretchen says "thank you" and tells Skyler they wouldn't think of accepting repayment. Gretchen leaves quickly and Walter follows her to the driveway. He has her roll down the window and tells her: "We need to talk. Can you not do or say anything to anyone until then?" She pulls away without a word.Jesse demands that the junkies give back his money and drugs. He finds a small amount of meth on them, but Spooge says his woman lost the rest. The kid wanders out from the bedroom and climbs into his mother's lap. Spooge tells Jesse they have money in the backyard.Spooge takes Jesse outside and shows him an entire ATM machine lying under a tarp. While telling Jesse that the machine is "FIDC" insured--"a victimless crime"--we are shown the crime scene and see that the junkies actually murdered a man while stealing the machine.After Jesse complains that it's taking Spooge too long to open the ATM with a sledgehammer, Spooge admits this is the seventh one they've stolen but they've never been able to open one. Spooge calls his woman a skank, and she throws a dish at him. Jesse goes to check on the kid and finds him lying down in the bedroom. He berates Spooge's woman for being a lousy mother. He grabs the sledgehammer and starts working on the machine himself.Walter and Gretchen meet at a restaurant. He apologizes for the deception but refuses to explain exactly why he lied to her and to his family. This leads to an argument. Walter complains that Gretchen and Elliott cut him out, taking advantage of his work to the tune of millions. She counters that he was the one who left her. She says, "I feel so sorry for you, Walt." Walter leans in and responds with a "f*** you," and she leaves.An exhausted Spooge is asleep against the side of the ATM with Jesse sitting next to him in a chair. The child walks up to Jesse and tries to get him to play peekaboo. While Jesse is distracted, Spooge's woman comes up from behind and knocks him out with a bottle. Fading in and out of consciousness, Jesse sees Spooge empty his pockets while the woman holds the gun.Walter returns home, and Skyler tells him she got a call from Gretchen. Gretchen told her only that she and Elliott could no longer help them financially. Skyler thinks it's strange that Gretchen never mentioned anything on the phone or earlier in the day when she was at their house. Walter tells Skyler he was just with Gretchen and Elliott, and the reason they can't help is that they are broke. Walter reassures Skyler that "we're going to make it, I promise."Jesse wakes up and sees that Spooge has propped the ATM against a chair and is underneath it with a drill. While Jesse tries to figure out how best to sneak up on them, Spooge calls his woman a skank yet again. She calmly walks to the other side of the ATM and tips it upright onto Spooge's head, killing him. "I ain't no skank," she says to no one in particular. She grabs the meth out of Spooge's pocket, walks past the now-standing Jesse, and lies down on the couch in a stoned haze. As Jesse starts frantically wiping his fingerprints off the ATM, it pops open and starts spitting bills at him. He grabs the cash, wipes off more fingerprints and calls 911, leaving the phone dangling. Before leaving, Jesse goes and grabs the child. He has the boy close his eyes and takes him outside. He places him on the front step and runs off when he hears sirens in the background: "You have a good rest of your life, kid."
