We open in what appears to be a dusty Mexican town. People are crawling on their hands and knees in the same direction. A Mercedes pulls up and two well-dressed men with shaved heads and skulls on the tips of their cowboy boots get out and join the crawling procession. They reach a small hut, stand up and walk inside. It is some type of shrine. One of them takes a piece of paper out of his pocket and places it on the wall near an idol of some sort. The camera pans back and we see it's a drawing of Walter as his alter-ego, Heisenberg.We get a montage of news reports about the plane crash. 167 people were killed and it is determined that grieving father Donald was to blame.Cut to Walter sitting by his pool, lighting matches and tossing them in the water. He places a huge pile of cash on his grill, covers it with lighter fluid and sets the money ablaze. After a few seconds he thinks better of it and tosses the burning money in the pool.Skyer meets with a divorce attorney. She tells the woman she wants a quick and easy divorce and custody of both children. The lawyer advises she return to their home and find as much as she can about Walter's finances.Hank shows up at Walter's place. Walter finds the pink bear's eye and places it in his pocket. Hank tells Walter "it's time" and helps him pack up his stuff. Hank and Walter fight over lifting a particularly heavy duffle bag. Hank asks what's inside and Walter says "a half million in cash." Hank laughs.We look in on Jesse at rehab. He is planting flowers and participating in group therapy.It is clear Walter Jr. is upset with Skyler. Walter calls to tell the family he's at a hotel and his son picks up. Walter Jr. doesn't know what's going on.While Walter slowly works on making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, he gets a text message that says "Pollos."Greif counselors conduct an assembly at Walter's school to talk about the crash and how the students are dealing with the tragedy. Walter reacts to a gruesome story and is given the microphone. He awkwardly minimizes the crash, talking about how there have been worse air catastrophes and how lucky they are nobody on the ground was killed. The microphone is taken from him.Our shaved head guys show up at a remote family residence. With the husband and wife watching silently, they get out of the car and walk over to the clothesline. They pick out new outfits, then place their car keys on the horn of the family's goat and leave on foot.Walter takes Walter Jr. home from school. The boy wants his father to come in but Walter does not. Inside Walter Jr. yells at his mom for not speaking to Walter. Clearly out of the loop, Marie unsuccessfully tries to get Skyler to tell her why she and Walter have split.At another group session, a counselor tells Jesse the story of accidentally killing his daughter while he was drunk and high. Jesse asks if the man hates himself. The man says he used to, but has realized self-hatred stands in the way of change.Walter gets a visit from Skyler. She hands him divorce papers and he is stunned and angry. He tells her she doesn't know his side of the story. She responds that he must be a drug dealer. Skyler thinks it might be marijuana or cocaine, but Walter admits to being involved in the production of methamphetamines and tells her "it's complicated." She offers him a deal: She won't tell Hank or the children if he grants her a quickie divorce and leaves them alone.Walter picks up Jesse from rehab and brings him back to his hotel. Jesse talks about the plane crash. Walter tries to sugar-coat what happened with Donald and Jane but Jesse tells them he has accepted who he really is: "I'm the bad guy."Walter goes to Los Pollos Hermanos and meets with Gus. After telling Gus he was happy with their previous business dealings, Walter says he will no longer be involved in production. Gus counters with a proposition: Three million dollars for three months of Walter's time. Walter responds he has plenty of money but needs to get his family back. Gus shakes his hand and walks away.Cut to a truck carrying bales of hay through a field. Inside the stacks are a group of illegals crossing into Texas. The two shaved head men are in the group. A chatty young kid tells them when the truck has crossed the border, then starts in with his work plans. The men say nothing. The kid looks down and notices their boots and becomes deathly silent. We cut to a wide shot and hear gun shots. The driver pulls the truck to a stop and begins running away. The two men hop out of the back and one shoots the driver in his back. He walks over to finish the driver off and the other man shoots the gas tank. One of the men casually tosses a lit cigarette into the gasoline and the truck explodes as they calmly walk away.
