Open with Walter (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse (Aaron Paul) in the desert. They dig a hole and hide Tuco's (Raymond Cruz) gun. The pair gets to a road and flags down a truck. Jesse says: "That's a bold plan, Mr. White. You sure that's the way to go?" Walter nods and gets in the bed of the pickup by himself. We next see a supermarket employee follow a trail of clothes and find a totally nude Walter standing in front of one of the frozen sections.Skyler (Anna Gunn) and Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) rush to Walter's side in the hospital. Walter claims to have no memory of the past few days but says he feels fine. Walter Jr. tells his dad about Hank's (Dean Norris) killing Tuco.Skyler calls Marie (Betsy Brandt) to tell her Walter will have a few more tests.Hank is questioned about the circumstances surrounding the Tuco shooting. He says he was looking for Walter, and it was an accident that he ran into Tuco.Jesse and his friend Badger (Matt Jones) sit in a car watching police outside Jesse's residence. Jesse tells Badger the police can't go in because they don't have probable cause. Once the cops leave, Jesse and Badger haul out the cooking equipment from the basement and put it in the RV. Badger's cousin Clovis (Tom Kiesche) arrives to tow the RV. Jesse is short on cash, and Badger vouches for Jesse to get the RV out of the driveway. Jesse tells Badger to wait a few hours and place an anonymous call on a pay phone: "They need probable cause," Jesse says; "I'm going to give it to them."Skyler and a doctor talk with Walter in his hospital room. He says he doesn't recall anything after driving home and tells Skyler he doesn't remember talking to her when she was in the tub. Dr. Delcavoli (David House) says Walter's MRI and bloodwork are clean, and he has no idea why he would have lost several days. Walter is told that leaving the hospital may be "a ways down the road," and a psychiatric evaluation is scheduled.A DEA swat team grabs Jesse and a prostitute from a seedy hotel.Hank and Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada) interrogate Jesse, who claims that he was with Wendy, the prostitute (Julia Minesci), for the past few days partying in the hotel. He doesn't know any "Taco" and feigns excitement when he hears they found his car. Hank pulls out the bag with Jesse's cash (67K), and Jesse tells them it's not his. Hank believes that Jesse was at Tuco's place and that someone he was with shot Tuco in the stomach.The agents next move to Wendy. Wendy backs up Jesse's story about being in the room since Saturday. Wendy recognizes Hank from when he brought Walter Jr. to the hotel to scare him straight. Afterwards, Gomez tells Hank they need to let Jesse go. Hank responds that they have one more shot.Walter meets with the psychiatrist. When it becomes clear that without the doctor's knowing if the event is nonrecurring, he may be there for weeks or months and (after clarifying doctor-patient confidentiality), Walter tells the doctor he made up the "fugue state." Walter remembers everything, he says, but he "had to get out" of the house. He simply walked and walked and eventually came back. Being naked in the supermarket was his way of adding credibility to the story. The doctor asks Walter why he felt he needed to get away. Walter responds by citing his wife's unintended pregnancy, his modest career and his terminal illness.Hank brings in Tuco's uncle Tio (Mark Margolis) to try to determine if Jesse was at the desert house. Though the agents prove with preliminary questions that Tio is competent, Tio and his bell shut down when asked about Jesse. Gomez tells a frustrated Hank that "old-school gangbang Mexicans" like Tio simply don't cooperate with the police.Jesse calls his parents (Tess Harper and Michael Bofshever) for help and is quickly shot down. He and Wendy leave the station together.Jesse calls Walter's hospital room from a pay phone. He tells Walter that Hank doesn't know anything about their relationship and that he took care of the cooking equipment but is now basically broke. Walter says he wants to cook again. Lying in his bed, Walter remembers the cash hidden in the house.Walter walks out of the hospital, sneaks into his own home, and puts the cash and gun from the diaper box back into the vent. He stays and observes Skyler and Walter Jr. in the kitchen for a few moments before taking a bus back to the hospital.Hank tells Gomez that the blue meth found on Tuco was of the same purity as the stuff Krazy 8 had. Hank thinks there's a connection between Tuco and Krazy 8 (Max Arciniega). Gomez pulls Hank out of the room and into a surprise party celebrating Hank's work in taking down Tuco. There's cake, and the department gives Hank a present.As Walter and Walter Jr. prepare for Walter's discharge, Hank shows up. The doctors have determined his incident is nonrecurring, and Walter thanks Hank for putting himself in danger while looking for him. Hank shows them his present: a clear acrylic paperweight containing Tuco's dental "grille."The family comes home and Walter tells Skyler how happy he is to be there. In bed Skyler asks Walter whether he has a second cell phone. Walter says he doesn't remember their conversation before he disappeared (when that phone rang), but he assures her he does not have a second phone. Skyler quickly rolls over, not seeming to buy the denial.
