Open with Badger (Matt Jones) approached for drugs by a young-looking guy. Badger seems sure the guy is a cop, even pointing out two nearby vans that he believes are being used for surveillance. The guy tells him that if he was a cop he'd have to admit it when asked. So Badger asks, the guy says no, and within seconds of Badger handing him drugs the guy pulls a gun and badge and arrests him. We see a cheesy ad for attorney Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) on Jesse's (Aaron Paul) TV. The camera pans to the bare floor where Jesse and Jane (Krysten Ritter) have just had sex. They make small talk about marijuana, and she tells him she's a recovering addict.Skyler (Anna Gunn) leaves for work on a weekend, and it seems to irritate Walter (Bryan Cranston). After she leaves, the phone rings with a frantic Marie (Betsy Brandt) looking for help from Skyler. Walter answers.Cut to Walter arriving at Marie and Hank's (Dean Norris) place. She tells him about the turtle explosion and says Hank has basically been in bed since the incident. Walter goes into the bedroom and talks with Hank. He says he lived his entire life in fear, but since getting cancer he's realized that fear was the only real enemy. Walter tells Hank to get up and "kick that bastard as hard as you can in the teeth."While counting money with Walter, Jesse finds out that Badger has been arrested.Hank returns to the office. Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada) tells him Badger was busted with the special blue meth, and the two leave to question him.While Badger is being questioned by the cop who arrested him, Saul Goodman arrives and puts a stop to the proceedings. Goodman is all over the place, making bad jokes and initially mixing up Badger with a different arrestee. On his way out of the room he runs into Hank and Gomez.Walter and Jesse drive to Goodman's office to find out about Badger's situation. Jesse is convinced that Goodman is crooked enough to be perfect for their needs. Walter meets with Goodman, pretending to be Badger's uncle. Goodman tells Walter that only two options are possible: Badger rolls on his suppliers or he goes to jail. Walter offers him $10,000.Back in the car, Walter tells Jesse that Goodman wouldn't take the bribe and even threatened to call the police.Wearing ski masks, Walter and Jesse kidnap Goodman later that night and hold him at gunpoint near a shallow grave. They tell him they will kill him if Badger rolls on his supplier, and Goodman wonders why they don't just kill Badger. When Walter begins coughing, Goodman recognizes him as the guy from his office earlier. He has them take off the masks and put a dollar in his pocket to create attorney-client privilege. Since they aren't willing to kill Badger, Goodman says, someone has to go to jail: "It's just a matter of who."Cut to Badger, with Goodman at his side, being questioned by Hank. Badger tells them Heisenberg is a "50 or 70"-year-old bald man of medium height and weight.Back in Goodman's office the lawyer tells Jesse and Walter about a man named "Jimmy In-and-Out," who will go to jail for a price -- Jimmy prefers incarceration and has parleyed his interest into a money-making scam. A buy has already been set up; Walter and Jesse just need to provide $80,000 (for Jimmy and Goodman) and a pound of meth for the bust.Badger sits on the same bench from the opening, with Hank and Gomez watching from across the street. Walter and Jesse park several blocks away to watch the proceedings through binoculars. A different balding man sits down next to Badger, and it's clear that Badger thinks this is Jimmy. Jimmy shows up and sits on another bench nearby. "Ok, let's do this," Badger says to the first man. Realizing what's happening, Walter drives to the scene and drops Jesse off near the benches. He pulls directly alongside Hank's car and blocks the surveillance while pretending to have spotted his brother-in-law randomly. Jesse walks quickly behind Badger and says, "Wrong bench." Walter leaves and the bust goes down. Hank seems bothered by the arrest.Goodman arrives at Walter's classroom. Using a private investigator, he quickly found out who Walter was. He suggests that Walter hire him if he wants to avoid police detection and grow the business: "If you want to make more money and keep the money that you make, better call Saul!"
