Open with a TV commercial for Los Pollos Hermanos. This leads directly to Walter and Jesse finishing their latest batch of meth and a look at how Gus packages and ships the drugs. They appear to be transported using Hermanos trucks with the meth hidden inside buckets of fry batter.Walter doesn't care that their latest batch is slightly over 200 pounds and this bothers Jesse. He has done the math and realizes that the $3 million they are being paid represents only a fraction (3 or 4 percent) of what Gus must be getting by wholesaling the drugs.Gomez visits Hank and the family in the hospital and shows him that the blue meth has been popping up all over the Southwestern United States. Walter's ears perk up when Hank tells Gomez the only reason he survived the shooting was that someone called Hank with a warning one minute before the Cousins showed up with guns.Walter leaves and gets into his car. Skyler follows him and asks whether the family is safe. Walter assures her they are.Jesse is attending regular meetings for addicts. During the latest one he talks about his new job (working in the corporate office of a laundry) and how much it bothers him. He doesn't like his boss or the owner and thinks he is being underpaid.One of Hank's doctors tests the feeling in his legs. He is getting better, but still doesn't appear to have sensation in his feet.At a meeting with an insurance rep, the doctor tells Marie it is too early to say whether Hank will walk again. Marie hears that her coverage won't start paying for rehab for another week, will only pay for four treatments per week and the treatment likely won't be with top therapists.Jesse meets with Saul in a nail salon. He wants Jesse to purchase the store as a way to launder his money. Jesse doesn't seem interested in the notion of paying taxes and isn't happy that Saul is charging him a higher rate (17%) to launder than he is Walter (5%).Walter has a sit-down with Gus. Walter says he is aware that Gus must have directed the Cousins away from him and toward Hank. He also knows that Gus probably made the call warning Hank in order to create a major shooting that would trigger the DEA and Federales to move on his drug selling competitors in the cartels. This was Gus' way to control the meth market in the part of the country and Walter knows it. He also acknowledges that he owes Gus his life for misdirecting the Cousins.They talk about future business and Gus offers to pay Walter $15 million per year to cook for him.On the drive home from the meeting Walter increases speed to 90, closes his eyes and lets the card drift to wards oncoming traffic. He jerks the car out of the way just before a head-on collision with an 18-wheeler.At the next NA meeting Jesse relays the story of making a box in high school wood shop. It was a project on which he spent time and effort. And though proud of his work, Jesse ended up trading the box for some drugs.Marie wants to pay out-of-pocket for the best therapists possible so Hank has the best chance at walking again. Skyler warns the cost may end up sending their family into bankruptcy. Ted knocks on the door and says a few words to Marie about Hank. Marie leaves the room and Ted wants to talk about their relationship. Skyler isn't interested in talking.Jesse has lunch with Badger and Skinny Pete. He complains about the corporate nature of the work and the potential of having to pay taxes. It just seems weird, too "Kafkaesque" for his tastes. Jesse wants them to go back to selling. When Pete suggest going on the streets, Jesse says he has access to a whole new market and all they need are the drugs.Cut to Walter and Jesse finishing their latest batch. Walter asks for the yield and Jesse tells him "201.8." Walter walks away and we see on the scale that the actual number was 202.1 pounds.At Jesse's next meeting of recovering addicts Badger and Pete are in attendance. Badger begins talking about kicking his meth habit. This leads to him and Pete discussing the evils of this fantastic blue meth they've tried in what is essentially a commercial for the product. Jesse listens quietly, observing the reactions of others in the group who are clearly considering back-sliding into again using.Skyler and Walter sit with Marie, who isn't sure what to do with the inevitable bills. Skyler offers to help pay and with great earnestness begins recounting an implausibly story that after finding out he had cancer Walter began playing blackjack in illegal card room in order to leave something behind. Gretchen and Elliot never actually helped with the bills. Walter plays along and tells the women he has seven figures worth of cash squirreled away. "Marie, take our money," Skyler says. "Use it to take care of Hank." Marie wants to think about it and leaves the room.An admiring Walter asks Skyler how she came up with the story. "I learned from the best," she tells him with a softness that suggests that a reconciliation with Walter may have entered the realm of possibility. Skyler then quietly adds: "Something tells me Hank is here because of you and I'm not forgetting that."
