Open with Walter (Bryan Cranston) frantically pulling into an abandoned motor lodge. He gets out of the car and calls Skyler's (Anna Gunn) phone. Marie (Betsy Brandt) answers and tells him Skyler gave birth to a girl. He grabs the spare tire out of the trunk and rolls it away, then hides a duffel bag from the back seat in the spare-tire well.Walter gets to the hospital and holds his daughter for the first time. Skyler tells him she almost delivered in the car. Ted (Christopher Cousins), who drove her to the hospital, is in the room.Walter returns home to get Skyler's overnight bag. He opens a duffel bag full of cash and sticks it in the wall of the garage.In bed with Jesse (Aaron Paul) after their heroin bender, Jane (Krysten Ritter) is awakened by a call from her father, Donald (John de Lancie). She tells him she "overslept" and starts to leave. On her way out she tells Jesse the apartment was broken into. Jesse sees that the meth is gone and begins to panic.Jane sits in a Narcotics Anonymous meeting with her father. Afterwards they have lunch, and Donald asks how she's doing. He asks about Jesse, but she denies any relationship.Jesse calls Walter's house and tells him the drugs are gone. When Walter realizes that Jesse doesn't remember his picking up the meth, he hangs up on him. Jesse looks down at his answering machine and sees he has four messages.Walter, Skyler, Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte), Hank (Dean Norris) and Marie have dinner together (Los Pollos Hermanos carryout). The subject of money comes up, and Skyler says she plans to be back at work soon. Walter thinks she should hold off for a few years and tells her they'll "manage" financially.That night Walter takes the new baby, Holly, to the garage and shows her the money from the deal: "That's right, Daddy did that. Daddy did that for you."Jesse shows up in Walter's classroom. Walter says he sold the drugs for $1.2 million, which is now $960,000 after Saul's (Bob Odenkirk) cut. He says Jesse's drug use caused him to miss Holly's birth. Jesse asks for his cut, but Walter tells him he won't get it until he gets clean. Jesse says he is clean, and Walter demands a urine sample. When Walter makes a crack about Jane's being a "junkie," Jesse throws the beaker at him.Walter Jr. puts together a website asking for donations for his father's cancer treatment, complete with a PayPal link. Walter tells Skyler they can't ask strangers for money, but she says it will devastate Walter Jr. if they make him take it down.Walter meets with Saul and explains his dilemma over having money he can't use. Saul suggests connecting him with a guy overseas who can set up fake accounts to funnel the money through Walter Jr.'s website.While shooting up heroin, Jesse tells Jane of his problems with Walter. When she learns that Walter owes him $480,000, she gets really excited.Jane's father calls to tell her she's late for yet another NA meeting. Thinking he's at the meeting, she dashes out and discovers he's right outside the building. Seeing her come out of Jesse's apartment, he storms into it. He sees the drug paraphernalia, drags Jesse into the living room and demands that Jane go to rehab that day. When she balks he calls the police to make a report of drug use. She gets him to hang up by agreeing to go to rehab the following day--she needs time to stop the newspaper and water the plants.This time Jane calls Walter's house, pretending to Skyler that she's a former student looking for a recommendation. She tells Walter that Jesse told her "everything," and if he doesn't give Jesse his cut that very night, "I'll burn you to the ground."Jane and Jesse discuss the money. He's having second thoughts about blackmailing and bailing out on Walter: "He's my partner." Jane says she's his partner now.Through the baby monitor, Walter hears Skyler singing to Holly. When Skyler sends him out to get diapers, he takes the money to Jesse's apartment. Jane answers the door, but he insists on handing the bag to Jesse. He asks how he knows Jane won't go to the police down the road. "I guess you don't," she says. Jesse tells Walter he'll never hear from either of them again. When Walter tries to tell Jesse he's making a mistake, Jane slams the door in his face.After Walter leaves, Jane and Jesse talk about the freedom the money will provide. They discuss going to New Zealand and agree they must get clean first. "We're not going to just shoot this up our arms," she says of the cash. They'll start immediately by flushing what's left, she says, but then they see it sitting out by the bed.Walter goes to a bar and is drawn into conversation with the man sitting next to him. It's Donald Margolis, Jane's dad, but neither knows who the other is. They speak of the pitfalls of raising children. Walter tells of his adult "nephew" (Jesse) and says how frustrating it is that he won't listen to what is best for him. "Family," Donald says: "You can't give up on them, ever. What else is there?"Walter goes back to Jesse's apartment. He knocks on the door and says he just wants to talk. Getting no answer, he goes through the still-broken back door. The couple is passed out on the bed. He tries to shake Jesse awake, and it bumps Jane. She slips over onto her back and starts to vomit. Walter moves to help her but stops short. He watches her choke to death on her own vomit as the episode ends.
