Open with a sweeping camera shot in the desert. A rocking sound gets louder and louder until the shot focuses on Jesse's (Aaron Paul) bullet-riddled Monte Carlo. The car's hydraulics bounce the car up and down as broken glass sprays onto the ground.Hank (Dean Norris) briefs the department on a manhunt they are starting for Tuco (Raymond Cruz). A raid on his residence netted a number of lieutenants, but the DEA is still searching for Tuco himself. Tuco has Mexican cartel connections, and Hank thinks he may be responsible for the disappearance of Krazy 8 (Max Arciniega). One of Tuco's fingerprints was found on the man he beat to death at the junkyard.Hank tells Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada) he needs to take some personal time because Walter (Bryan Cranston) has disappeared. He drives to the Whites' place and looks through Walter's carInside, Skyler (Anna Gunn) is giving Walter's information to a detective. The man asks if Walter was depressed. Skyler tells him Walter has been withdrawn and was agitated when he came home the night before. She adds details about their last conversation and says he got a phone call right before walking out of the house.Hank walks the detective out and tells him there is no record of Walter getting a phone call the previous night. The detective wonders if Walter might have a second cell phone.Cut to Tuco with an assault rifle over his shoulder taking apart cell phones and tossing them into the desert. He walks over to Jesse's car and we hear noises in the trunk. Tuco tosses Walter and Jesse out of the trunk and walks them toward a small house.Skyler and Marie (Betsy Brandt) post missing posters and talk to people all over town. Marie tells her she doesn't think Walter would hurt himself.Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) finishes more missing posters, walking just past the box in which his father stashed the cash and his gun.Inside the small desert house, Walter and Jesse sit on a couch while an elderly man in a wheelchair silently watches Spanish-language programming. Tuco hands them a bottle of water and kisses the old man on his head. Going through their pockets, Tuco learns Walter's real name and sees pictures of his family. Tuco tells them the DEA picked up his whole crew except for Gonzo (Cesar Garcia). Not aware that Gonzo is dead, Tuco thinks Gonzo has ratted him out. Tuco begins screaming about being betrayed and violently stabs the table with a knife. Tuco wants to get high and grabs the bag of poisoned meth Walter had in his pocket. The meth smells different, and Jesse tells him it's a new product they've come up with. Tuco tells Walter the plan is to take him to Mexico and set him up in a superlab. Tuco is about to try the poison but changes his mind when Jesse says the secret ingredient is chili powder. "I hate chili powder," Tuco says. Walter stops Tuco from shooting Jesse by saying he needs his partner. Tuco tells them his cousins are on their way to smuggle them into Mexico.The subject of Walter's second cell phone comes up when Skyler, Hank and Marie are talking. Hank tells her it means Walter has a secret of some sort. Marie wonders whether it might be related to marijuana and asks Hank to question Jesse.Hank talks with Jesse's mother (Tess Harper), who remembers Walter but hasn't seen her son in a month. She tells him Jesse still owns the same low-rider car, and Hank calls a police contact about locating it using LoJack.Tuco makes food in the kitchen while Walter and Jesse sit with the still-silent old man. Pictures of the two dead men from the junkyard come up on the TV, and Walter quickly changes the channel. Walter goes over to the man and waves his hand in front of his face. There doesn't seem to be any recognition. Walter whispers to Jesse that they have to find a way to give Tuco the poisoned meth and palms the bag when Tuco brings over food for everybody. As Tuco turns to wheel the man, whom he calls Tio (Mark Margolis), toward the table, Walter slips the poison into Tuco's burrito. Tuco is looking away, but Tio appears to notice. Before Tuco can take a bite, Tio hits a bell that's attached to the arm of his wheelchair under his hand. Tuco tries to eat again, and again Tio rings the bell. Tuco thinks Tio wants his food and switches their plates. Tio promptly knocks the plate to the floor.Later, while Tuco is firing his assault rifle out the window, Tio begins ringing his bell repeatedly. Tuco figures out that Tio doesn't trust Walter and Jesse based on something they've done. Walter and Jesse try to use changing the channel as the reason, but Tio indicates it was something else. Tuco throws Jesse outside and begins beating him as Walter looks on helplessly. Tuco points the gun at Jesse's head and demands that Walter tell him what they did. Walter tells Tuco they tried to poison him as Jesse finds a good rock in the sand. Tuco turns to look at Walter, and Jesse hits Tuco in the head. Walter grabs the rifle but can't shoot Tuco because the two are fighting too close to each other. Jesse grabs Tuco's handgun from his waistband and shoots him in the stomach.Walter and Jesse leave Tuco in a ditch and run to the car. Inside they realize Tuco has the keys and spot a vehicle speeding up the road towards them. "Cousins," Walter says. They run and take cover as Tuco pulls himself from the ditch and limps toward Jesse's car. But it's not the Cousins - it's Hank, following the LoJack on Jesse's car. He gets out and quickly recognizes Tuco. Tuco grabs the assault rifle Walter left in Jesse's car (triggering the hydraulics), and he and Hank exchange gunfire. Following a reload, Hank kills Tuco with a bullet to the head. Walter recognizes his brother-in-law but can't be seen there. He and Jesse sprint off into the desert.
