Open with the minivan of Saul's vacuum-cleaner-disappear-you guy arriving at an actual vacuum cleaner store. Saul gets out. The guy, Ed, tells Saul he'll have to stay there for a few days until he can make the final arrangement for Saul's new life in Nebraska. He'll have a roommate, as Walt is still there waiting his new identity. Ed turns on a camera and we see a furious Walt pacing and knocking things over.We see two agents driving a silent Marie to her home. When they arrive they find it has been broken into.Cut to Jack and his gang watching Jesse's weepy confession tape. Kenny forwards to the point where Jesse rats out Todd for shooting Drew Sharp. Jack grabs his gun and heads over to kill Jesse. Todd tries to talk him out of it, which Jack interprets as Todd having a thing for Lydia.In his cell Jesse takes apart the paperclip holding the picture of Andrea and Brock and starts to work on his shackles.Downstairs at Ed's Walt starts to talk to Saul about his plan to kill Jack and his gang. He wants Saul to help him find new hitmen. Saul suggests that in his absence the feds are going to target Skyler and there will be no way for him to get any of his money. He suggests Walt turn himself in to take the heat off his family. Walt says he isn't "through" until he kills Jack and gets his money back. Ed pops in and says that he's ready to disappear Saul, but Walt will have to wait a few days on transportation. Walt says that Saul is coming with him and Ed gives them a few minutes to talk. Saul tells Walt "it's over." Walt tries to get tough with Saul but collapses in a coughing fit as Saul grabs his stuff.We see a dazed Skyler listen to prosecutors. They want her to give them something that will help them locate Walt, but she says she knows nothing.With cops watching the White home, Todd and two other guys manage to sneak into Holly's room with masks covering their faces. Todd asks if Skyler has said anything about Lydia, whom she met at the car wash. Skyler says she has not and Todd promises to return if that changes.Todd meets Lydia at the coffee shop. She isn't thrilled a woman who has seen her face has been allowed to live and says their business dealings are over because of the risk. Todd says he has 50 pounds ready to go, but she isn't interested until he says it's 92 percent pure and blue. He tells her he's working with Jesse. Todd says their relationship is "mutually good" and she seems intrigued.Ed brings Walt to his new residence, a small home on several acres in a remote part of New Hampshire. The home is as Spartan as they come, with only the bare essentials for Walt to survive. Ed will return in a month to bring Walt more supplies. When Walt references his work, Ed says he is the subject of a national manhunt and if he leaves will be found. Ed tells him the closest town is eight miles away, but if he finds out Walt has left his property he'll never return. After Ed leaves Walt puts on his Heisenberg hat and grabs cash from his barrel and walks to the entrance. He stares at the long, snow-covered road and says "tomorrow."Jesse has managed to remove his cuffs and is attempting to pile things in his underground cell high enough to reach the bars above. Todd shows up with ice cream and Jesse is able to re-cuff himself in time. Jesse convinces Todd to take off the blanket so he can see the stars. After Todd leaves Jesse is able to get to the bars and unlock the door. He escapes the cell but is caught trying to scale a fence on the perimeter. He yells that they should just kill him because there is no chance he'll continue to help them.Cut to Todd arriving at Andrea's place. He says he's a friend of Jesse's and says Jesse is in the SUV out front. We see a bloodied Jesse is in the vehicle banging his head against the window. With Andrea's attention on the SUV, Todd shoots her in the back of the head in full view of Jesse. Jessie is devastated. Todd gets back in the SUV and they remind Jesse that they can still kill Brock.Fast-forward several months: Ed shows up with the latest package. He tells Walt that Skyler is struggling with an inexperienced attorney and his home has been fenced-in by the bank to stop kids from breaking in. Ed has brought another round of chemo, which he prepared to use through YouTube videos. Walt pays Ed $10,000 to stay an extra hour. During that time he tells Ed that eventually he'll return to find Walt's body and wonders if he'd make sure the rest of his money got to his family. Ed responds "If I said 'yes,' would you believe me?"That night we see that Walt has gotten so frail his wedding ring no longer stays on his finger. He looks over at the boxes of Ensure Ed brought him and has an idea. He fills one with cash, wraps it with brown paper and leaves his property.Walter Jr. is pulled out of class because of an urgent call from Marie. Walt has paid a woman at the town bar to make the call and grabs the phone when Walter Jr. gets on the line. He attempts to explain that he never intended for things to happen the way they did. He begins to talk about sending $100,000 via Walter Jr.'s friend Louis. After a few seconds Walter Jr. goes off on his father, yelling that he killed Hank and put Skyler in a bad position. Walter Jr. calls him names, then tells him to "just die already" and hangs up. Walt's next call is to the DEA. He asks for the person in charge of the Walter White case, says he is Walter White and leaves the phone off the hook. Walt grabs a seat at the bar and orders a drink. The bartender passes by Charlie Rose interviewing Gretchen and Elliott from Gray Matter. They have recently donated millions to help drug prevention in New Mexico and Rose asks if this is damage control due to their tie to the now infamous Walt. Both Elliott and Gretchen completely minimize and role Walt had in Gray Matter, telling Rose Walt did little more than come up with the name. Walt looks furious as he watches this.Two Sheriff's department vehicles pull up at the bar. They come inside with guns drawn. Walt is nowhere to be found.
