Jesse, Gus and Mike are all standing in a field, waiting in a remote location far from the city. A plane lands and the three board. Jesse seems particularly nervous and looks over to Gus: "You can do this," Gus reassures him.The 'phone rings at Walt's house. Skyler leaves a message saying she's been trying to reach him for hours and is going to give Walter Jr. his birthday present without him. She shows him his new car (a PT Cruiser), but Walter Jr. clearly is not all that excited.Saul has Ted into his office. He tells him that a distant relative died a few years ago in Luxembourg and it has finally been determined he is the lone living heir. The woman has left him approximately $660,000, or just about exactly what he owes the IRS in back taxes and fines.Jesse, Gus and Mike ride blindfolded in a car. They end up at a well-guarded lab-type facility. Gaff is there, along with a team of men in white coats. The one who appears to be the lead chemist for the cartel is not very impressed when he learns Jesse is the cook. It's clear that Jesse doesn't have a chemist's background and this bothers the man. But Jesse takes control, pointing out that the reason he is there is that he makes better meth. He orders the man to get him what he needs and clean up the facility before he will start to work.When Walt completely misses Walter Jr.'s birthday, his son goes to his father's house and knocks on the door. We see that Walt is laying in bed, he head glued to the sheets by a wound from the fight with Jesse. Walt comes to the garage in his underwear and lets Walter Jr. in. Walt says he missed the party because he was gambling and doesn't want Walter Jr. to tell Skyler anything. Walt begins to cry, saying that he's made mistakes. Walter Jr. has trouble consoling his father and ends up putting him to bed.With a captive audience and video cameras rolling Jesse performs a complete cook of the Blue. The skeptical cartel chemist tests the final product and it turns out to be more than 96 percent pure. Jesse is fired-up and everyone is pleased. Gaff says something to Jesse about him now being the property of the cartel -- he's going to be staying in Mexico.Saul goes to see Skyler. He tells her that he's been tracking Ted. Just a few hours after learning he came into this new cash (which Skyler had gaven him) he rushed right out and leased a luxury automobile. Skyler is not happy.Walt wakes up to find Walter Jr. asleep on the couch. He apologizes for his fragile state, saying it was the result of some painkillers and a few beers. He tells Walter Jr. the story of his father, who died when he was very young of a genetic illness. Walt's only memory of his father is seeing him near death in a hospital and he doesn't want Walter Jr. to remember him the way he was last night. Walter Jr. says that wouldn't be a bad thing since Walt was more genuine the previous night than he'd been in months.Skyler goes to see Ted, pretending just to be seeing how he's doing. When he tells her that he's fallen into some money and is planning to re-start his business Skyler seems concerned. She suggests repeatedly that the best thing for him to do is pay back the IRS an avoid jail time, but Ted doesn't seem all that concerned with his legal issues. Eventually Ted gets annoyed with Skyler questioning his decision and tells her to get lost. She then tells him that the money he inherited actually came from her.Jesse, Gus and Mike are waiting poolside at Don Eladio's estate. We see Gus take a pill of some kind. Jesse complains to Mike about his apparent future in Mexico and is told: "I promise you this. Either we're all going home or none of us are." Eladio walks outside flanked by a dozen or so capos. Eladio hugs Gus, telling him how happy he is that Gus finally came to his senses. Gus introduces Eladio to Jesse. Eladio mentions that Jesse will have plenty of time to learn Spanish and Gus agrees. Gus presents Eladio with a present, a bottle of rare aged tequila. Eladio pours shots for everyone other than Jesse (who Gus tells him is an addict) and the security (Mike and Gaff). After waiting for Gus to drink his shot first Eladio and his men all take their drink. Girls are brought out and the party begins. Eladio tells Gus that every 20 years or so "you forget your place" and that he should understand there are no hard feelings. Gus excuses himself and goes to the restroom, followed by one of Eladio's guards.In the bathroom Gus turns on the faucet, places a towel on the ground in front of the toilet and makes himself vomit. At this exact moment we cut back to the pool and see that Eladio and his men seem to have been poisoned. They are dropping like flies and Mike sneaks up behind Gaff to garrote him with a thin wire. Gus returns to the pool and joins Jesse and Mike as they find guns. Though he seems to be at least somewhat affected by the poison, Gus yells to anyone in the house that their bosses are dead and if they stay he will kill them.Jesse and Mike help Gus to the first car they find with keys left in it. As the trio prepares for their getaway, Mike is shot by a guard. Jesse, fairly coolly, returns a high volume of fire and kills the man. Jesse helps the wounded Mike into the car then jumps behind the wheel and speeds off.
