Todd comes to see Walt at the office. He has disposed of Mike's car and they are about to get to work on the body. Jesse arrives and they quickly shut the trunk so he can't see Mike's body. Jesse asks about how to handle the nine people and Walt curtly tells him that he no longer has a vote. Walt says he'll handle it and closes the door in Jesse's face.Hank is interviewing one of the nine. The man's lawyer wants full immunity for cooperation, but Hank isn't biting. He feels confident that with so many people ready to come forward he'll have no trouble getting the help he needs from one of them.Walt meets with Lydia at a coffee shop. He's there to get the list of nine names, but she's nervous he'll dispose of her as soon as she gives the names to him. He dismisses the idea of murdering her "right here in this restaurant" as silly. She seems to know that something has happened to Mike and doesn't want to suffer a similar fate. Her idea is that they use her connections at work and begin moving meth to the Czech Republic. It was something she and Gus had been finalizing before his demise. It will double Walt's profit and feature less risk, given the drugs will be overseas. Walt likes the idea. She writes down the names for him. After she leaves we see Walt had brought with him the Ricin capsule which he returns to his wall plate stash when he gets home.Walt asks Todd for a meeting with his uncle, the one with all of the prison connections. Walt wants Todd's uncle to arrange for all nine of Mike's guys and for their lawyer to be killed in prison within two minutes of one another, presumably so that Hank will have no time to move any of them to protective safety. Walt is adamant it can be done.We see a montage of the ten prison murders, all taking place within seconds of one another in different locations featuring slightly different methods.Gomez tells Hank what has happened.Walt is at Hank's place visiting with the baby when an angry Hank comes home from work. He pours a drink for him and Walt. Hank tells him a story about a job he had as a teenager marking trees for removal. Hank is thinking about that job because "tagging trees is a lot better than chasing monsters."Cut to a montage of Walt's business. He's cooking with Todd and moving large quantities to Europe through Lydia. Money seems to be coming in at an incredible rate.Marie and Skyler have a long talk. Marie and Hank have been talking about the fact it might be time for the kids to go back to live with Walt and Skyler. They think perhaps the way for the Whites to repair their family is to have everybody together.Skyler brings Walter to a storage facility she's rented. In the middle of the unit is a pile of money the size of a double bed. There is so much of it Skyler has given up on finding a way to count it and couldn't possibly launder all of it through the car wash. She tells him she wants her kids back.We see Walt getting an MRI at his doctor's office.Walt pays Jesse a visit. Before answering the door Jesse grabs a gun. Walt says he's there because he was "in the neighborhood." They reminisce on old times cooking in the R.V. Walt leaves, saying he's left him something. Jesse walks outside and finds a large duffle bag full of cash.Walt tells Skyler "I'm out. I'm out." She seems relieved.Walt and Skyler have Hank and Marie over for dinner. Hank excuses himself to use to the bathroom. While there he looks through a copy of Walt Whitman's "Leaves of Grass" and finds an inscription made out to "my other favorite W.W." This reminds him of Gale and an old reference to a "W.W." being Gus's cook.Hank looks stunned, seeming to have put together that the cooker of the almost pure blue meth is his own brother-in-law.
