We open with our half-burned, one-eyed pink bear floating in the pool. We're shown all the previous black-and-white images: biohazard suits, evidence containers, two body bags next to Walter's (Bryan Cranston) car. The camera pulls up and back to the end of Walter's block, and the picture goes to color. A van with "NTSB" on its roof drives away, and we see Walter's house unharmed and two pillars of smoke beyond it in the distance.Jesse (Aaron Paul) tries furiously to revive Jane (Krysten Ritter). He pounds on her chest over and over again before dissolving into tears.Walter gets a call from Jesse while at home with Holly. He tries to calm Jesse down and tells him, "I know who to call."A bald-headed man pulls up to Jesse's apartment. The man, Mike (Jonathan Banks), finds Jesse sitting on the front steps and tells him, "Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) sent me." Mike puts all of Jesse's drugs and paraphernalia inside the bag with his cash. He has Jesse repeat over and over what he is to tell investigators: "I woke up. I found her. That's all I know." Mike tells him to count down from 20 and call 911. Mike also tells him to put on a long-sleeve shirt to cover the track marks on his arm -- he tells Jesse it's unlikely the police will show up or he'll be arrested.Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) calls his parents into his room to show them that his website is paying off. Twenty-six donations have come in from all over the country, even Canada, to the tune of about $500. Skyler (Anna Gunn) is overjoyed, but Walter seems nervous. Every time a donation is made, the website makes a dinging sound.Jane's father Donald (John de Lancie) drives to Jane's house to take her to rehab. He arrives to see two paramedics taking a gurney out of their ambulance. Inside, he watches Jane being placed into a body bag. He answers a few questions about Jane and follows her body outside without acknowledging Jesse.While more donations pour in, Walter leaves a message for Jesse using his second cell phone (now hidden in a baggie in the toilet tank).At his office Hank (Dean Norris) passes around a big collection jar for Walter. Stuck on top of the jar is a photo of Walter. Hank briefs the department that their blue meth has been popping up all over the southwest but is conspicuously not being sold in New Mexico. His suspicion is that Heisenberg is still working in Albuquerque but is shipping his product elsewhere.Donations on Walter's site have reached $2,800, and Walter seems bothered by the process. He gets a call from Saul that they might have located Jesse.Walter accompanies Mike to a seedy drug den. Against Mike's advice, he goes in alone and finds Jesse in a drug-induced stupor. He tries to pick him up, and Jesse begins to sob. Walter holds him as Jesse tells him through tears: "I killed her ... I loved her--I loved her more than anything."Donald speaks on the phone with someone (presumably Jane's mother) while picking out a dress for Jane to wear at the funeral. He finds a blue one with long sleeves and lays it on the bed.We cut to Holly laid out on a bed in almost the same position as Jane's dress as Walter changes her diaper. Walter Jr.'s site dings away, and Walter asks him to turn down the volume--the noise is disturbing the baby. Skyler comes into Walter Jr.'s room and tells him Marie (Betsy Brandt) has arranged for a newspaper to do an article about the website.Hank gets a visit from three businessmen who are "underwriting this year's Fun Run." One of the men is Gus (Giancarlo Esposito), Gustavo Fring of Los Pollos Hermanos. After Hank details what his office does, Gus notices the picture of Walter on the donation jar. He asks Hank if Walter is one of his agents. Hank explains that it's his brother-in-law, who's suffering from lung cancer, and Gus places money in the jar.Walter speaks with Jesse, who is at a rehab facility. He explains that he won't be able to come by for a while because he is about to have his lobectomy surgery. Jesse says he knows now what Walter meant in the desert when he said, "I deserve this."Walter comes home to find TV cameras set up. Marie has gotten a station to do a piece on the family. The three sit on a couch with Holly. Walter Jr. goes on and on for the reporter and cameras about how wonderful his father is. Walter stares straight ahead looking miserable.Skyler and Walter Jr. spend a few moments with Walter just before his surgery. A nurse gives Walter a sedative. When Skyler asks him if he brought his cell phone, Walter mumbles, "Which one?" It's a slip she clearly notices. We see Walter's surgery.At a follow-up visit some weeks later, Walter and Skyler sit with Drs. Delcavoli (David House) and Bravenec (Sam McMurray). The patient is progressing well, and Bravenec tells him, "You've bought yourself some real time here." Skyler asks if Walter is well enough to be on his own.Five weeks after Jane's death, Donald has returned to his job. After he makes small talk with a co-worker at the coffeemaker, we see that he works as an air traffic controller.Back at home Skyler tells Walter she is taking Holly to Hank and Marie's for the weekend. When she returns she wants Walter to be out of the house. She tells him that after the cell-phone comment, she contacted Gretchen (Jessica Hecht) to ask if they were having an affair. Gretchen ducked her calls for weeks but finally got back to her and revealed that she and Elliott (Adam Godley) never gave Walter a dime for his treatment. He refused every offer they made. Skyler contacted Delcavoli and learned that Walter had already paid more than $100,000 in medical bills. She then called Walter's mother and discovered that the woman was completely unaware of her son's illness. This is problematic because Walter pretended to visit her for a long weekend and was never there. "Lies on top of lies on top of lies," says Skyler. Walter follows her to the driveway and asks if she will stay if he tells her the truth. "Whatever it is, I'm afraid to know," she responds before driving away.Cut back to Donald, who is sweating profusely while communicating with several planes. He accidentally uses the word Jane  during his instructions. We see on the radar screen that two planes are dangerously close to one another.Cut back to Walter sitting outside by his pool. He hears a loud crash and looks up to see that two planes have collided in mid-air. The pink bear falls from the sky into the pool, and the closing credits roll.
