Two men cross a neck-deep river. When they reach the other side, one stops and reaches down into the mud. He pulls up the paperweight Hank's (Dean Norris) peers made for him out of Tuco's (Raymond Cruz) "grille."Walter (Bryan Cranston) finishes up his last session of chemotherapy and meets with Dr. Delcavoli (David House). The doctor is "cautiously optimistic" after the first round, and they will reassess after two months. Delcavoli asks about the marriage, and Walter responds with a very unconvincing "We're fine, all good."Walter gets his multipage bill and looks stunned. The receptionist gives him a "HOPE" pin, which he promptly throws in the trash outside.At home Skyler (Anna Gunn) argues on the phone with the insurance company about the $13,000 bill for Walter's hospital stay. Walter tells her he will take care of the bills. Walter lies in bed unable to sleep and goes to the vent to assess his cash situation. He counts what is left and is dismayed.After throwing up in the toilet, Walter finds it clogged. The plunger pulls up a bunch of loose tobacco and a pack of cigarettes.Hank tells his superior that they keep hearing the name Heisenberg in connection with the higher-quality meth. He's told he's being promoted to a position related to border patrol. In the elevator down to lunch, Hank doubles over with what looks like a heart attack. He seems dizzy and jabs at the emergency buttons, but when the doors open on the first floor, he has himself together.Jesse (Aaron Paul) shows up and pays Clovis (Tom Kiesche) what he owes for the RV repairs and the damage he caused to the fence. He works out a deal to store the RV in Clovis's garage and buys a red station wagon from him.Jesse rents a new apartment from an attractive girl, Jane Margolis (Krysten Ritter), who manages the building for her father. He works out a cash-only arrangement and learns that she will be living next door, in the other half of the duplex. They seem to strike up a rapport, though he gives her a fake last name.Hank is in his garage bottling some homemade beer. Marie (Betsy Brandt) comes in and complains that he has called in sick that day, just after his promotion. After she leaves he accidentally shatters a bottle and cuts his hand.Walter and Jesse meet in the desert to cook. They have a heated discussion about their inability to move any product they make. They don't want to work with another character like Tuco, and Jesse is concerned that the risk/reward of his selling doesn't add up. He comes up with a plan to create a network of sellers on his own. Walter doesn't like it, but Jesse doesn't give him a choice.Jesse invites a bunch of his miscreant friends, including Badger (Matt Jones), over to his new apartment and explains the situation. He will give each of them an ounce of meth, which they must sell, uncut, for $2,500. They can keep the $500 for themselves, but Jesse must get $2,000 from each ounce. If they short him or cut the meth, they will be cut out of the supply.The family has dinner with Hank and Marie. Marie complains about Hank's new job working along the border and expresses an interest in moving to Washington, D.C. Hank seems to be drinking pretty hard.Inside, Skyler tells Marie she must apologize or their relationship will never be the same. After some debate, Marie breaks down in an emotional apology.Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) asks Hank about the shootout with Tuco. Hank tells him, "Hell yeah, it was scary." Walter asks Hank what makes criminals like Tuco who they are. Hank says he might as well be talking about cockroaches.We get a musical vignette showing Jesse's new operation. He leaves the product in random locations, and his guys seem to be doing a good job selling. At the end we see one of the sellers, Skinny Pete (Charles Baker), get robbed by two drug addicts (David Ury and Dale Dickey).Jesse meets with Walter and gives him his split of the first pound: $15,000. Walter questions why his take is $1,000 short. Jesse explains the robbery as "breakage, the cost of business," but Walter isn't sympathetic. He worries that Jesse's getting robbed could lead people to think Jesse is weak: "Do you think Tuco had breakage?" Jesse counters, "What the hell do you want me to do?"Walter and Skyler discuss her diet and Walter Jr. It turns into another argument. Walter brings up the cigarettes. Skyler admits smoking three and a half cigarettes--"perhaps I smoked them in a fugue state"--and says she's ashamed. "This is so unlike you," Walter says. Skyler's response before storming out: "How would you know?"In the middle of the night, Hank wakes up to what sounds like gunshots in his garage. He grabs his gun and goes to investigate. After opening the door, he briefly points the gun at Marie before discovering the source of the noise: his beers are exploding.Walter goes to Jesse's apartment. "You asked me what I want you to do," Walter says. He places Jesse's gun on the table: "I want you to handle it."We see Hank walk down to the river and toss in his Tuco paperweight.
