We open on a vast desert, where Walter is driving and singing along with America's "A Horse With No Name." A police car pulls him over, as the music keeps playing. The cop asks him to turn it off. A smashed up windshield is the reason for the stop, and Walter explains it was caused by a piece of wreckage from the Flight 515 plane crash. He's cited for driving an unsafe car anyway, which angers Walter. He gets out of the car and argues with the cop, which results in Walter getting pepper sprayed and tossed into the back of the cop car in cuffs -- and in tears.Hank debriefs his team on the burnt-up truck that left nine illegals dead. He pulled the case from border patrol, wondering why they had "Juarez-style action" on their side of the border. "Maybe one of those extra crispys knew something he shouldn't." Gomez told Hank it has been 29 days since they've seen the famous blue meth. Hank takes a phone call from local police.Jesse drives with his "45 days" tag hanging from his rear-view mirror. He pulls up to his dad's house, learning he is remodeling it and selling it. Jesse wants to check it out, but his dad resists, telling him to look at pictures on the Web site. He says Jesse is "looking healthy," and they awkwardly say Jesse should come over for dinner some time.Walter sits in jail and is asked to apologize to the officer who arrested him. Hank gets him out. Walter tells Hank "she's divorcing me." To which Hank says, "It is what it is." Walter tells Hank Skyler doesn't want him to see the kids.Saul tries to convince Walter that Skyler is bluffing and that everyone else -- including Skyler and Hank and the kids -- would be worse off if she tells the cops about Walter's drug manufacturing. Walter says it isn't about the cops, it's about him having lost everything, including his family. Saul told Walter there are "other fish in the sea," suggesting he could find a woman from Thailand or the Czech Republic who'd be grateful to be in America. He suggests Walter gets back to what he does best, and "get cookin'.""I can't be the bad guy," Walter says.Mike sits on a bench at a playground with his granddaughter when he gets a call saying there might be "a wife problem" and he writes down an address.Walter Jr. is not speaking to Skyler, who tells him Hank and Marie are coming over with take-out for dinner. That night, Walter Jr. yells at Skyler for not loving Walter any more. He asks her "Why do you have to be such ... a bitch?" He leaves.Hank says, "I know it's none of my business, but..." and asks Skyler why she doesn't want Walter seeing the kids. She says he is right -- it isn't any of his business. As they leave, Marie is trying to figure out the divorce, but Hank says he's "seen it a million times." He figures Walter cheated on Skyler because the math "only adds up one way." Marie isn't so sure. She thinks Skyler would have told her something like that. "It just feels like something more," she says.Jesse goes to visit Saul, who is complaining about Walter. Jesse pulls piles of cash out of bag and asks Saul if he wants a job.Walter returns to his miserable motel room and stops at the pool to scoop up a bloody band-aid. He sees Walter Jr. sitting at his door.Cut to an old-folks' home where seniors are playing cards and putting puzzles together. Our two mysterious bald men with skull-tipped boots walk in and an old man gives them a subtle nod. They pull out a Ouija board and the man, unable to speak, rings a bell as they spell something out. With each ring of the bell, they write down a letter. Finally, they show him what they've written: "Walter White." He rings the bell furiously.Skyler is at work and thanks Ted for being flexible about her schedule. Then she tells him she can't sign off on some quarterly accounting records. She says if he was going to "do this" (tax fraud) it couldn't be so clear. She points out what she is talking about and he sets about fixing the records. She asks him what he'd tell his kids if they found out what he was doing, and he says he hasn't thought that far ahead, but would tell them everything he did was in an effort to provide for them.Walter calls Skyler to tell her Walter Jr. showed up. Walter said he'd bring the boy back home, and he tries to explain to Walter Jr. that Skyler has "her reasons" for keeping them separated. Walter urges his son to try to stay positive.Saul meets with Jesse's parents, saying he represents someone who wants to buy their house with cash. The only hangup is the price. The asking price is $875,000 and Saul offers $400,000. It is the final offer, and Jesse's parents start to walk out. Before they leave, though, Saul brings up the meth lab that wasn't mentioned in any of the paperwork. "Some would call that fraud," Saul tells them. He says he could file a suit and encumber the property indefinitely and start some criminal proceedings, "but I don't think any of us would want that." He asksd their lawyer if he concurs.Walter shows up at the house with a massive pizza and Walter Jr. in tow. Skyler says she is making dinner. Walter asks if they could just eat some pizza together, but Skyler says they've already discussed everything there was to discuss and closes the door in his face. Walter walks away and tosses the pizza onto the roof of the garage before driving off.We next see Walter laying face-down on his motel room floor, with popcorn scattered all around. Skyler calls and leaves a message about the pizza on the roof. She tells him to keep his distance and threatens to get a restraining order. He gets up and yells at the phone after she's already hung up. He puts his pants on.In front of their house, Jesse's parents lament having broken even on their house. That's when Jesse drives up and his dad mutters to his wife, "This is all we need". Jesse says hello and walks toward the house. His mom tells him the house has been sold and the new owners are expected any moment. He rattles the keys in their faces and tells them he's bought the place. He stepps in and closes the door behind him.Mike watches Skyler and Walter Jr. leave their house the next morning, then he gets out of his car, unloads a small bag and a small box and walks toward the house. He notices the pizza on the roof, then heads into the backyard. He drills some holes in the back wall of the house, apparently planting a bug.Meanwhile, Walter shows up at the house and discovers his keys no longer work. Mike works on some wires and hears Walter hit the front door in frustration. Walter tries to find a window he can open. Finally, he goes into the crawl space under the house as the Mike hides. Walter pops a floor board open and makes it into the house.Mike leaves and sits in his car as he watches another car roll up to the house. It is the two bald men with the skull-toed boots. They go inside and Walter is in the shower. One of them carries an axMike makes a phone call and tells the person on the line there is something "he" should know about. The man who answers the phone takes the phone to Gus and whispers something into his ear.The two bald men sit on a bed and listene as Walter is wrapped up his shower. They wait and one of them receives a text message that says, "Pollos." They look at each other.Walter gets out of the shower, opens the bathroom door and the two men are gone. Walter senses something is amiss - the teddy bear's eye is now in his open suitcase - and looks around the house. He finds nothing.
