Jesse Pinkman, still weak and bruised from being beaten up by Hank in the previous episode, is wheeled out of the hospital by an orderly. As he waits outside for his ride, avidly lighting up a cigarette, an all lit up ambulance arrives from the scene of the parking lot shooting carrying Hank, who has just been shot four times by the Salamanca cousins. Curious as to the commotion, Jesse walks over to watch as emergency room technicians unload Hank and rush him to an operating room for surgery. Skinny Pete picks Jesse up sometime later.
At the lab, Walter White tries to fire Gale Boetticher without hurting his feelings, but Gale argues the two were a great team, pushing for an explanation. "It's as if I'm classical," Walt explains, "but you are more... jazz." Jesse arrives and is impressed with the technology. A flabbergasted Gale departs, flashing all a dirty look, as Walt insists to Victor that this is "for the best." When Walt wants to get right to work, Jesse realizes that Walt doesn't know that Hank has been shot, and tells him.Walt rushes into a waiting room where Skyler, Marie, Hank's boss ASAC George Merkert and Steven Gomez are assembled. When pressed for details, Merkert explains that all they know is that Hank was attacked by two cartel hitmen, and despite getting shot four times, he managed to kill one of them, Marco, and badly wound the other one, Leonel, who has been rushed to the same hospital and is in critical condition. Marie is furious when Gomez and Merkert mention that Hank wasn't armed because of his temporary suspension pending the inquiry into his assaulting Jesse. "The DEA is not welcome here," she hisses at Merkert and Gomez, then starts throwing blame around. Marie then turns on Walt, asking if he realizes that Hank would never even have heard of Jesse if Walt hadn't bought pot from him. Skyler comes to Walt's defense, insisting it wasn't his fault, she's just looking for someone to blame. Crying, Marie apologizes. Several cops and DEA agents offer to donate blood in support of Hank. 
The next day, an impatient Jesse pages Walt, who tells him to sit tight. "I'll just cook on my own," Jesse responds defiantly, but Walt insists he touch nothing. As Walt hangs up, Skyler approaches him and suggests they all get breakfast. Walt asks if she knows who was on the phone. Skyler smiles sadly and walks away. In the cafeteria, Marie complains about the dirty silverware and declares the hospital a deathtrap. Sensing Marie is about to spiral out of control, Walt intervenes. After relating his own anxieties before his operation in the same hospital, Walt tells Marie, "I survived this place. And I'm not half the man your husband is." Over at Los Pollos Hermanos, Gus Fring gets a call from a pretty angry Juan Bolsa, who contends that the Cousins would never have shot Hank without someone giving them orders to, since federal agents are supposed to be off-limits to them. Gus asks if Bolsa is making an accusation against him, adding that he assumes the next meth shipment will be delayed. Bolsa concedes that it will be delayed indefinitely, then vows that he'll learn the truth about the attack from Leonel when he recovers. Gus, learning that Leonel has survived, starts worrying and plotting lest it blows back on him. Hank is out of surgery and the doctor tells Marie they must wait for him to stabilize. They still aren't sure of his condition given one of the bullets ended up near his spine. Marie doesn't want to leave, so Walt offers to run errands for everyone. In the lobby, he runs into Gomez and other officers holding vigil. Gomez invites Walt to see the injuries Hank inflicted on Leonel. Gomez takes Walt and a group of other cops to Leonel's ICU room. As a result of having been crushed between two cars, Leonel has had both of his legs amputated. Sensing their presence, Leonel turns to look at them, and recognizes Walt. He sits up and his heart rate spikes as he tears off he tubes attached to his body and pushes himself onto the floor, all the while staring with murderous intent at Walt. Utterly seething, he drags himself toward him, trailing blood from his stumps, before the doctors and cops subdue and drag him back onto the bed. At the lab, boredom overwhelms Jesse, who amuses himself messing about with the equipment. A montage ensues of him doing such things as office-chair race rolling, extractor tube attempted mounting and inflating a hazmat suit, which is cut off when Victor walks in and catches him at it, looking like a yellow blow-up 'Michelin Man', and looks very unimpressed with Jesse's slacking off. Later that day, Jesse calls to give Walt a heads-up about Victor's checking up, but a distracted Walt shifts the conversation to their time as Tuco's hostages. Walt asks if Jesse remembers Tuco referring to his cousins coming up from Mexico. Jesse says he thinks he does, then presses him of their approaching deadline. Walt returns to the hospital waiting room with toiletries and blankets, and a book that Hank gave to Walt, Jr. as a gift, which is about the agents who pursued Pablo Escobar. "Good guys never get ink like the bad guys do," says Walter Jr., quoting Hank. A call from Gus interrupts the conversation. Walt excuses himself and lies to Gus about being "hard at work" and blames his inability to meet the week's meth quota on Gale's mistakes. Gus seems unimpressed that he's being lied to, and knows that Walt is actually at the hospital. He promises to deliver 400 pounds by next week. Walt asks Gomez if the DEA knows who was behind the assassination and what they want. "Nah, but we'll get him." Walt then asks if other assassins could be on the way. Gomez assures Walt that the attack on Hank was their one attempt and they failed. The men commiserate a few moments, then Gomez's cell rings. He answers and spreads the word to the cops that food is on it's way: Gus is personally bringing over fried chicken for every cop in the building. Walt turns pale at the turn of events, knowing that Gus will find out that he was lied to on the phone.Walt watches Gus console Marie, uncomfortable after lying to him earlier in the day and now aware Gus knows it. "Men like your husband are the thin blue line between us and these animals," he says. Merkert and the White-Schrader family thank Gus for offering a $10,000 reward for information about the shooting. Gus mentions having met Hank and the donation jar for Walt's surgery he saw at the DEA office.Walt walks Gus out to the lobby and admonishes him, now that he's aware Gus knew of Walt's association with Hank. Gus can't believe Walt's approaching him like this amongst all the cops in close proximity. When Walt explains that he fears for his family, Gus explains that Leonel is unlikely to survive. He then quickly departs.As it turns out, the entire fried chicken delivery was just a distraction. For in the meantime, while the cops are occupied, Mike Ehrmantraut breaks into Leonel's room and administers him a lethal injection. Leonel flat-lines, and despite the doctors and cops attempts to revive him, he dies just as Walt, Gomez and a slew of cops show up at his room. Amid the commotion, Mike slips away unnoticed, discarding the syringe he just used to kill Leonel. Upon returning to Los Pollos Hermanos, Gus receives a call from Juan Bolsa, who complains that pressure from the U.S. government in the wake of the attack on Hank has brought the Mexican Federales to his doorstep. Having figured out that Gus is probably behind the attack, he plans to visit Gus and kill him once things calm down. A sudden crash interrupts Bolsa. His bodyguards investigate and are brought down by gunfire. As Bolsa attempts to escape, he is met by a machine gun-wielding assassin. Gus listens impassively as Bolsa is gunned down, smiles, then breaks his cell phone in two and throws it in a trash can. Walt sits with his sleeping family in the waiting room. The doctor enters to inform Marie that Hank is stabilized enough to receive visitors. She insists that Walt, Skyler, and Walter Jr. accompany her. The family solemnly enters Hank's room. As the Whites look on, Marie kisses Hank's forehead and takes his hand.
