It's another idyllic afternoon in Woodbury. Milton brings Andrea a cool drink during what appears to be a neighborhood block party. Michonne, meanwhile, cooly surveys the scene. Inside, the Governor lovingly combs a little girl's hair ... until the pint-sized walker tries to bite his hand. The Governor puts a sack over her head and then tries to calm his daughter. "Daddy still loves you."At the prison, Daryl and Maggie decide to run into town to find formula for Lori's baby. Rick, in the meantime, grabs an axe and charges inside. He splits a few walker skulls in a blind, grief-stricken rage.The Governor addresses his people, toasting their survival and the launch of a new civilization in Woodbury. Michonne takes the opportunity to sneak inside the Governor's house to take back her sword. She finds a journal with crazy, obsessive scratches inside. She hears conversation and hides moments before the Governor, Milton, and Merle enter. Milton wants to postpone tonight's festivities for his "experiment," but the Governor kindly refuses. Michonne then sneaks out and finds an old warehouse full of zombies. She lets them out, then hacks them to pieces with her reclaimed sword. Moments later, a man appears carrying a bloody bucket of zombie food. She is caught red handed.The Governor then sits down with Michonne, who mentions Penny -- a name she saw underlined in the Governor's diary. He is taken aback by the comment, but quickly recovers. "You've broken the rules," he says. "If I don't do something, I invite anarchy." Michonne manages to unsheathe her sword and holds it to the Governor's neck. Slowly, she back out of the house. Merle enters. "She's all personality, that one," the Governor says.So the Governor summons Andrea and explains that Michonne has broken the rules. "What works out there does not work in here," the Governor says. "We're not barbarians." Andrea then goes to Michonne, who demands to leave. "No one who comes here leaves!" she says. Andrea explains that she wants to give Woodbury a "real shot." Michonne insists that the Governor is keeping secrets.Glenn heads into the prison to find Rick. He runs into a trail of massacred walkers before finding an unresponsive Rick holding a blood soaked axe. Glenn tries to talk the group leader into coming outside, but Rick responds by shoving Glenn -- hard. The Governor, Merle, and Milton drive out to a field where they have trapped a number of walkers. Milton picks and choose among them for his experiments. Merle is only too happy to violently dispatch the rest.Maggie and Daryl soon arrive at an abandoned daycare center and start loading up on supplies. They hear scratching behind a door and discover ... a possum. "Dinner," says Daryl, who shoots it with his crossbow. Back at Woodbury, Andrea and Michonne head out of town with their packed bags. Merle opens the doors for the pair. Andrea believes her point is proven -- they are not prisoners. She wants to stay. "I'm tired," Andrea says. "We always talked about this place, didn't we? A refuge?" Michonne gives Andrea a choice: stay without her or go wit her. Michonne walks out of Woodbury alone. Daryl and Maggie return to the prison in the middle of the night. Daryl takes charge of the bottle and quiets the screeching baby with a drink. Carl says he was thinking of names for the kid -- and rattles off the names of their departed friends, including Lori. Daryl suggests "little asskicker." Rick, meanwhile, finds the spot where Lori was cut open, but doesn't find Lori. He does find a walker with a bloated belly nearby. He stabs its belly over and over.Back in Woodbury, the "festivities" begin. Basically, the town assembles and cheers as if for a sporting event as Merle and another man meet within a ring of chained walkers for a mixed martial arts kind of battle. After the first round, the zombies' chains are given more slack, tightening the ring. Andrea is horrified. "This is sick," she says. The Governor explains that it's all staged. The walkers teeth have been pulled. "We're shining light on the monster under the bed," the Governor says. "It's fun ... We're teaching them not to be afraid." In the ring, Merle has bested his opponent and soaks in the crowd's cheers.Back in the prison, Rick is startled from his stupor by a ringing phone. He picks up the receiver. "Hello?" he says. To be continued ...
