FLASHBACK. Inside the fences of the prison, Hershel welcomes back Maggie and Glenn from a supply run. Hershel then eyes Carl with what looks like suspicion.Rick, Carl and Michonne camp out, cooking a small meal over the fire. "We're close now, right?" ask Carl in reference to Terminus. The boy then asks if they'll tell the people they'll meet at Terminus how they got there. Will they tell them the whole truth? "We'll tell them who we are," Rick decides. Asks Carl, "Who are we?" Before anyone can attempt to answer, walkers are spotted. Guns are drawn and shot.Later, Rick shows Carl how to build a rabbit trap. It's a nice father-son moment cut short by the sudden screams of a human. Rick runs toward the screaming and sees a man trying to defend himself against a horde of walkers. Carl is about to open fire when Rick pulls him away. "We can't help him," Rick whispers. The walkers tear the man's face off ... and then one spots Rick, Carl and Michonne. The trio runs.FLASHBACK. Hershel visits Rick's cell in the prison, waking up the former lawman. Hershel asks Rick to come with him on some unnamed chore, explaining that Rick won't need his gun. Rick grabs his gun anyway and follows Hershel.Having escaped the latest walker horde, Rick, Carl and Michonne walk down the road and come upon an abandoned truck. They decide to camp there for the night. Later, Carl sleeps in the truck as Rick and Michonne chat about Terminus next to a small campfire. Michonne wonders if they whole thing is a hoax when, suddenly, a gang of marauders appears with their guns drawn. It's Joe and the gang, including Daryl. Joe is mad because Rick is the guy who killed their pal, Lou.But Daryl steps in, explaining that Rick and Michonne are good people. "You want blood, I get it," Daryl says. "Take it from me." Joe accuses Daryl of telling a lie --- and the penalty for such a transgression is to be beaten severely by the others. "First we'll beat Daryl to death, then we'll have the girl. Then the boy. Then we'll shoot you and we'll be square," Joe tells Rick. That plan doesn't sit well with Rick. He head butts Joe and tries to stand up, but Joe wraps his arms around Rick. Rick then does his best walker impression and bites Joe in the neck, then rips open said neck. Joe falls, blood spurting like a geyser. The other marauders are stunned.Michonne takes the opportunity to grab her captor's gun, turn it around and shoot the man in the head. Then she shoots another who is attacking Daryl. Daryl stomps the man in the head with his boot. That leaves only one more marauder who holds a knife to Carl's throat. "He's mine," Rick growls. Scared, the man drops the knife and tries to surrender. Nothing doing. Rick guts the man with a knife, cutting him from belly to neck. All the while, Carl stares at this father, who is drenched in blood.FLASHBACK. Outside in the prison yard, Hershel tells Rick that it's time to start planting their own crops ... and time to stop fighting the war. "He needs his father to show him the way," Hershel says. "What's his going to be? What's yours?" Rick is hesitant. He believes his place is leading runs with the others. Hershel disagrees.At the abandoned truck, Rick sits in a pool of his and others' blood. Worries about planting crops and domesticating pigs seems far, far away. Daryl sits down and explains that he escaped the prison with Beth, who is now "gone." Rick calls Daryl his "brother," and doesn't apologize for the bloodbath the night before. He explains that what he did is what he now is -- and his only purpose is to protect Carl.Later that day, the group approaches Terminus from the woods. They split up to case the structure from the woods. Carl prefers to go with Michonne rather than his dad. Michonne takes the opportunity to tell Carl that, after the outbreak, she went to a refuge camp with her boy, her man and her friend. She was on a run when the walkers broke into the camp and killed her boy. Her friends were high at the time, and bitten. Michonne let them turn, then chained and kept them. "It was insane ... That wasn't me," Michonne explains. "I was gone for a long time. But then Andrea brought me back. Your dad brought me back. You did. I see how you're looking at your dad. You don't have to be afraid of me ... or him." Carl says that he isn't the good man his dad believes him to be. "I'm just another monster, too," the boy says. Elsewhere, Rick packs a few guns in a burlap bag and buries the bag just outside the fence of Terminus. "Just in case," he tells Daryl. Then the four jump the fence and head to the giant train depot, taking the half dozen folks inside by surprise. One, a young man named Gareth, welcomes them, and nicely asks that they lay down their weapons and submit to a pat down. Rick nods and allows it. Another young named Alex performs the pat downs with good humor. At the end, the group is allowed to reclaim their weapons. Outside, they are about to get some food when Rick notices that Alex carries Hershel's watch. Rick pulls his gun and demands to know how Alex came to have it. Soon, everyone is pointing weapons.FLASHBACK. Rick walks through the prison and finds Carl cleaning and assembling guns while others his age play with toys. Dad explains that the needs Carl's help with something --- and the boy should leave the guns behind. Time to plant.Carl trains his gun on the residents of Terminus as his father demands answers from Alex. Gareth appears, and explains the watch came from a dead man. Rick then notices that others are wearing familiar items -- riot gear and a poncho, for example. "Where are our people?!" Rick demands. That's when the gunfire erupts. It soon becomes clear that snipers are on the roof, and rather than kill the new guests, the marksmen herd Rick, Daryl, Carl and Michonne to a spot in the yard. On the way they rush past a large pile of what appear to be human bones that have recently (fresh stains) been separated from the flesh. They hardly if at all notice as they are running for their lives. They are made to drop their weapons. Gareth then demands that Rick go into a nearby train car. Then Daryl. Then Michonne. Finally, Carl. Inside the train car, the group finds Glenn. Bob. Maggie. Tara. Abraham. Sacha. Rosita. All hope appears to be lost before Rick speaks up. "They're going to feel pretty stupid when they find out," the leader says. Daryl smiles. "Find out what?" Abraham asks."They're screwing with the wrong people," Rick says.
