It is night. Daryl and Beth break through the tree line onto a deserted road. They investigate a wrecked car, trying to get it to start when walkers appear. The pair of survivors leap into the trunk of the car and lock themselves inside. Hours pass. Come morning, they unlatch the trunk and get up, packing up any supplies from the wrecked car they can scavenge. The two then head back down the road.Daryl hunts, but he is running low on arrows. So he uses a stick to capture and kill a snake. Resourceful fellow, that Daryl. Beth, meanwhile, improvises with the rearview mirror of the wreck to start a fire. Later, they eat snake. Beth tells Daryl that she has never had any alcohol and would like to find some. Daryl doesn't even respond. Angry, Beth wanders off into the woods and, of course, comes across walkers. She hides. At the last second, the walkers veer away from her, distracted. Beth heaves a sigh of relief and then turns to find Daryl has been watching over her the whole time.This only seems to upset Beth more. She asks the still silent Daryl if he feels anything. He doesn't respond. She says she won't spend the rest of her life eating snake at a makeshift campsite. Beth is determined to find some booze. Lucky for her, the two come across an overrun golf course. "Golfers like to loosen up, right?" she asks. So Beth and a reluctant Daryl head to the clubhouse. Inside, they find walkers hanged from the ceiling ... still "alive" and growling. The floor is littered with dead bodies. Daryl finds a bag of money and jewelry, and grabs it. "Why are you keeping all that stuff?" Beth wonders. Again, Daryl doesn't bother answering.With walkers banging on the doors, they head deeper into the club's kitchen, where Beth finds a bottle of wine. Unfortunately, a walker bursts from a nearby freezer and Beth breaks the bottle against his head. When the bottle is gone, she uses her knife. Daryl appears. "Thanks for the help," Beth says sarcastically. Retorts Daryl: "You said you could take care of yourself. You did it." In the pro shop, Beth finds a new shirt and sweater to replace her filthy sleeveless shirt. The two both notice a female corpse hanged with a sign around its neck reading "Rich Bitch."Beth wants to take the woman down out of respect. "It does matter," Beth says. Reluctantly, Daryl agrees to cover her body with a sheet. They head into the locker room and a grandfather's clock chimes. That's brings a horde of undead, which Daryl dispatches with his bow and, when that is exhausted, what appears to be a 7-iron. The final walker is dispatched with eight or nine vicious blows. Daryl is still a very angry man. Finally, they arrive at the bar. "I know you think this is stupid but I don't care," Beth says. She is determined to have an adult beverage before dying.Beth finds a bottle of peach schnapps, but can't bring herself to drink it. Instead, she just holds the bottle and weeps, thinking of her father (and, likely, how he would wouldn't approve). Daryl grabs the bottle and breaks it on the floor. "If you're going to have your first drink, it's not going to be damn peach schnapps," he growls. Later, Daryl leads Beth to a shack in the woods equipped with a moonshine tub. Now this is more Daryl's comfort zone. "That's a real first drink right there," he says.Beth takes a sip of moonshine. "That's the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted," she says -- before pouring herself another. Daryl explains that his father had a place just like this one. "Home sweet home," he says before taking his own mason jar. The unlikely pair then sit down and play a game of "I Never." The game turns ugly when Daryl's crappy life before the "turn" results in him having quite a few sips. He becomes borderline violent and goes outside to toy with a walker before Beth ends the "cruelty" by stabbing it in the head. "I want you stop acting like nothing bothers you!" she screams in his face. "Like nothing we went through matters!"Daryl screams back, telling Beth that they'll never see any of their friends again. He then begins to cry, saying that he should've done more -- that maybe, if he had acted quicker, he might have saved Hershel. As Daryl breaks down, Beth hugs him. Later that night, Daryl and Beth sit by the shack. "You want to know what I was before this?" Daryl asks. "Nobody. Nothing. Just some redneck asshole." Beth then shares her fantasy of her father growing old, becoming a grandfather and dying peacefully, surrounded by loved ones. "That's how it's supposed to be," Daryl says. Beth then tells her traveling partner that he will be "the last man standing."Beth then suggests burning the shack to the ground -- almost as a way of exorcising both of their demons. So they spread the moonshine around the shack and set it ablaze ... using the stack of money Daryl found at the country club. They then both give the flames a one-finger salute before turning and walking into woods as a large group of walkers appear.
