Our heroes are in the boxcar, readying for war. Rick instructs his friends to go for the eyes, then the throats. They hold makeshift weapons and hold up their fists. Voices outside the boxcar tell them to line up against the back wall. Nobody listens.Suddenly, a shaft of light from above ... then a gas canister falls to the ground. FLASH. Gas fills the boxcar. Rick is dragged outside by a Terminus resident in a gas mask, who kicks the lawman-in-a-former-life in the head for good measure. Rick is placed upon a stainless steel trough alongside Daryl, Glenn, Bob and four strangers. On a nearby table, a human body is being carved up like cattle.The killing begins. Two Terminus residents unmercifully crack skulls with a baseball bat, then cut throats. They get through four unfortunate prisoners, the first being Sam, from Season Four's episode, Indifference. Next in line is Glenn. Rick fingers a shard of wood from the boxcar, desperate for a move. Any move. Suddenly, Gareth enters and demands a "shot count" from the executioners which interrupts Glenn getting hit. He is cool. Dispassionate. Holding a clip board to keep track like a good administrator.Bob pleads for the group's life. He explains that they know a man who can facilitate a cure. He explains that the group was on its way to Washington. Gareth dismisses Bob and turns to Rick. Gareth tells Rick that he saw them burying a bag. "What's in it?" asks Gareth while holding a knife to Bob's eye. Rick explains the bag holds guns -- lots of guns -- plus a machete with a red handle. "That's what I'm going to kill you with," Rick says. Gareth laughs. He then turns his attention back to his clipboard and the executor with the bat readies to hit Glenn when ...Gunfire outside. Getting closer. Then BANG. An explosion. The room shakes.Earlier, Tyreese and Carol (holding Judith) walk along the train tracks toward Terminus. Carol explains that she'll walk with Tyreese to his destination, but she won't stay. A walker moves up behind them. "I can't," Tyreese whispers (Still at odds with what he learned at the farm he and Carol were at & what happened there). "Not yet." Carol hands Judith to the big man, and then dispatches the walker herself with a knife to the brain. They turn -- movement in the woods. A horde of walkers approach from a nearby ridge.Tyreese and Carol find cover -- and listen as distant rounds of gunfire echoing in the direction of Terminus. The horde of walkers change direction towards the noise towards Terminus.Tyreese and Carol come upon Martin, a Terminus resident out on patrol, looking for supplies and setting up fireworks to launch to distract walkers with. He talks into a walkie-talkie about the "chick with the sword" and "the kid with the hat" -- and how that hat will make a nice wardrobe addition when both are bled out. Well Carol doesn't take kindly to that, and holds a gun to Martin's head explaining she and Tyresse are friends of the kid in the hat and the chick with the sword.. Martin claims innocence, but Carol isn't buying it. They tie up Martin, and then Carol heads out on her own. Tyreese and Judith stay behind with Martin.Alone with Tyreese, Martin urges the big man to take his car and leave -- noting that Tyreese is far too humane to survive much longer. "You're a good guy," Martin says. "That's why you're going to die today. That's why the baby's going to die." Meanwhile, Carol has covered herself with walker blood to disguise her smell and joins a group of walkers going towards Terminus. From the perimeter fence, she sees Rick, Bob and Glenn hogtied and carried into a building as well as the earlier horde of walkers approaching a large propane tank. She shoots the tank causing a leak, then fires a sky rocket into the fray. BANG.Inside the execution chamber, Gareth struggles to regain his feet and his composure. He tells the executioners to hold tight while he investigates. With Gareth out of the room and the two executioners arguing, Rick doesn't wait long to make his move. He uses his shiv to break his bonds, then leaps up to stab one executioner in the head. The second gets it in the gut. He leaves the second to die and turn.Outside, walkers are through the fence, along with the still bloody and still disguised Carol. One of the Terminus soldiers are firing at the group of walkers she is hiding with so she ducks behind a doorway and takes him out with a headshot. Another she guns down with multiple rounds. Inside, Rick, Daryl and Glenn find the butcher's room, filled with human torsos on meat hooks. They help themselves to machetes and knives, then charge outside to find and free their friends.Elsewhere, Carol wanders into a room filled with stacks of clothes, jewelry (including Rick's watch, he gave to Sam and Ana in Season Four's episode Indifference), weapons (including Daryl's bow) and children's toys. The possessions of the human dead. She takes the bow and watch, then enters the candle room with "Never again" and "Never trust" painted on the walls. Terminus Mary emerges from the shadows with a gun ordering her to drop her weapons and turn around. Carol whirls around and fires, but misses. The two tangle before Carol gets the upper hand, and shoots the woman in the leg. The woman explains that Terminus began as a true sanctuary, but was overtaken by evil men who tortured and raped the residents. The residents fought back, and won. And then adopted a shared mantra: "You're the butcher or you're the cattle."Instead of killing the woman outright, Carol opens a nearby door and lets in walkers.Some miles away, Tyreese is still holed up in the cabin with Martin, who continues to try to play mind games with him, when walkers approach. Tyreese goes to the window for a moment, and Martin bolts to Judith, threatening to snap the baby's neck. "Go outside!" Martin screams. "One twist ... don't make me do it!" So Tyreese goes outside where the walkers await.With the sound of the walkers attacking Tyresse filling the cabin, Martin grabs his walkie talkie and tries to contact Terminus. But there is nothing on the other end. Suddenly, all goes quiet outside. Tyreese BURSTS back into the cabin. Dead walkers are strewn about outside. Tyreese tackles Martin and beats him.The remaining group in the boxcar are still trying to find a way to save themselves and Sasha insists that Eugene tell everyone how to save the world because if he dies, it dies with him. Eugene explains that, in his former life, he worked deep inside the government to create pathogens to kill threatening pathogens -- "fire to fire." He believes that if he can get to Washington DC, he can "flip the script" and end the walker infestation and that if he wrote detail instruction with step by step pictures and video included, they still couldn't reverse it without him. Just then, the boxcar door slides open and Rick appears. The sheriff holds an AK-47 and is firing at anything that moves outside the car. Rick sees Gareth on a rooftop and fires. It appears Gareth is at least wounded. It's chaos. It's the beginnings of a rescue. Rick pauses only one brief moment to put his hands on Carl.Rick, Carl, Daryl, Michonne, Rosita, Eugene, Glenn, Bob, Maggie, Sascha and Abraham flee into the woods to find the cache of weapons Rick hid before entering Terminus. Rick, either caught up in blood lust or finally understanding that sometimes you have to kill to be safe instead of expecting others to repent, wants to go back and kill them all. Glenn isn't going for it and Maggie explains they all are either walker food or they took off already and there's nothing to go back for. While they discuss it, Daryl notices a movement out of the corner of his eye and turns to see Carol.Daryl runs to her and the two share a tearful, emotional reunion. Rick, who seems to be utterly bemused that the woman he banished from the prison for being too quick to pull the trigger is the one who saved them, runs to her as well and asks her "Did you do that?" and when she nods yes, they hug and he thanks her.Carol tell Rick he needs to come with her and takes him & the group to the cabin where Tyreese and Judith are hiding.Rick, Carl and Sasha run to Tyreese and Judith and a very touching scene of them reuniting with those they thought dead ensues. Tyresse goes up to Carol telling her he killed Martin after he tried to kill Judith and that he understands that sometimes people need to be killed for the safety of those you love. Meanwhile, Abraham & Rosita are watching the reunion and when Rosita looks at Abraham he tells her that they need to tell them (meaning Rick & company) something, but not yet.After being reunited with those he loves, Rick comes back to himself and says they need to move on, away from Terminus instead of going back and destroying it.As the group leaves, they pass a Terminus/sanctuary sign and Rick wipes mud or blood over the sign and what once read Sanctuary to all now reads NO Sanctuary to warn people away. The group then continues on to their next adventure.After we see spoilers for the next episode, we have a teaser of a person walking towards the sign Rick altered. He is covered from head to toe in protective gear and you cannot see who it is. He reads the sign and then takes his hood off and then face mask and turns to camera view and we see....Morgan, the man who saved Rick in Season 1, episode 1.
