Rick, Daryl, and Hershel ride out to a nearby farm looking for supplies. Rick walks into a barn ... and finds the Governor waiting. The Governor raises his arms in a sign of non-aggression and smiles. "We have a lot to talk about," he says. The Governor sets his weapon down and asks to negotiate. Outside, Daryl and Hershel raise their weapons at an approaching car carrying Andrea, Martinez and Milton. Andrea goes inside the barn. "Let's end this," she says to Rick and the Governor. "Save the bullets for the real threat."Back at the prison, the survivors load up on weapons taken from Morgan's place. Merle wants to take the weapons to the meeting point at the farm and kill the Governor right now, but Glenn insists they stick with Rick's plan. Back at the barn, it's revealed that Andrea called this meeting with the hope that the two sides might hammer out their differences. That ends when the Governor announces that he is only here to negotiate Rick's surrender. The Governor then asks Andrea to step outside. She is embarrassed and disappointed.Inside, Rick and the Governor talk. The Governor quickly begins to play dirty, explaining that he knows the infant in their group might not be Rick's child. In other words, Rick has been a bad judge of character in the past. Has he also misjudged the Governor? Rick doesn't think so. Outside, walkers show up and Martinez and Daryl have a kind of contest to see who can kill the most undead in the most creative fashion. Afterward, the two rivals almost bond by sharing a smoke. Meanwhile, Hershel and Milton -- the two men of science -- also talk shop and share insights. The atmosphere is downright friendly.Inside, on the other hand, the tension is thick. The Governor explains to Rick how, before the outbreak, he lost his wife in an accident, leaving many questions unasked and unanswered. Rick can sympathize. At the prison, Merle begins to pack a bag full of weapons and ammo. "You can't stop me," says Merle, announcing his attention to head out and assassinate the Governor. "It's my brother out there!" Glenn tries to stop Merle and the two are soon tussling. Beth fires a shot in the air to stop them both.Outside the barn, Andrea asks Hershel what the Governor did to Maggie. "He's a sick man," Hershel says. Andrea hangs her head. "What am I going to do now?" she cries. "I can't go back there!" Hershel says Andrea should be with her "family" back at the prison. Inside, the Governor says he knows Rick has more guns, but Woodbury has more men. In other words, the war would be drawn out and bloody no matter what. The Governor says he wishes to avoid bloodshed -- and demands only one thing. "I want Michonne," he says, showing Rick his dead eye. "Turn her over and this all goes away. Is she worth it?"At the prison, Glenn and Maggie, whose relationship has been strained of late, share a tender moment and profess their love for each other. It turns into a fairly heavy make out session and the two decide the bury the hatchet by having a quickie on the floor of the prison. Inside the bar, Rick suggests that killing Michonne is "beneath" a man called the Governor by his people. The Governor stands firm: deliver Michonne or the two groups go to war. "You think about it," he says, standing to leave. "Two days. I'll be here at noon."So the negotiation ends and the two groups go their separate ways. Andrea stands in the middle -- and ultimately decides to go back with the Governor. Back at Woodbury, the Governor tells Milton that the plan is to eliminate everybody who shows up at the barn from the prison -- except for Michonne, who the Governor wants all to himself. So, in two days, Rick and company would be walking into a slaughter. Milton is aghast. At the prison, Rick tells his group that the Governor wants the prison and wants all of them dead. "We're going to war," Rick tells the group.Later, Rick tells Hershel that the Governor asked for Michonne. Hershel says that Michonne saved Carl, Maggie, others -- "She's earned her place." Asks Rick, "Are you willing to sacrifice your daughters lives for her?" Rick is considering the Governor's deal, after all, it would seem. "I'm hoping you can talk me out of it," Rick tells Hershel.
