It's dawn at the Hershel farm. Our survivors eat lunch in a camp outside the main house. Suddenly, Glenn stands up after an encouraging nod from Dale. "Um, guys, so ... the barn is full of walkers," Glenn discloses.Shane peeks into the barn. Sure enough, there are more than a dozen hungry, drooling zombies inside. Shane becomes angry. He wants to leave -- immediately. Daryl, Rick and Carol argue. What about Sophia? Well, Shane is sick of hearing about Sophia. In fact, the former deputy strongly suspects that Sophia is dead. "Let me talk to Hershel!" Rick insists. "This is his land."Later, Glenn tries to talk to Maggie, but she breaks an egg over his head. Hershel's daughter is angry that Glenn spilled the big secret. Carl, meanwhile, declares that he is not leaving until the group finds Sophia. "She's going to like it here -- this place," Carl says of Hershel's farm. Lori gives her optimistic boy a big hug.Daryl is still recovering from being shot. Nevertheless, he prepares a horse to go searching when Carol approaches -- and urges Daryl to take it easy. "Can't lose you, too," Carol cries. That doesn't sit well with Daryl, who throws a saddle and storms out of the barn.Dale then confronts Andrea about Shane. "Is that what you want to be?" Dale asks. "Like him?" Andrea says that Shane isn't a "victim" -- and she likes that about him.Inside the farm house, Rick approaches Hershel. "We found the barn," Rick says. "I'd like to talk about it." Hershel doesn't want a debate. "I need you and your group gone by the end of the week," Hershel says. "I've given you safe harbor. My conscience is clear." Rick pleads his case, explaining that Lori is pregnant. Hershel remains stubborn. Later, Rick tells Shane that Lori is preggers. "We need to stay," Rick explains. Shane tries to be thrilled.In the Hershel kitchen, Maggie tells her father to practice what he preaches and let the survivors stay. Suddenly, Jimmy enters the kitchen. "It happened again," Jimmy says. Hershel immediately goes to Rick to ask for help.Shane, in the meantime, confronts Lori about her pregnancy and Rick. Shane claims to have saved Lori's life four times -- four more times than Rick. He says Rick is weak -- and not equipped for this new world. Shane also believes the unborn baby to be his. Lori becomes angry and defiant. "Even if it's yours, it's not going to be yours," she spits. Shane is hurt -- and angry.He then storms into the RV, looking for something. He can't find it -- whatever it is -- and demands to know where Dale went. Glenn isn't sure. "I don't get it," Glenn says. Responds Shane: "No, man, you don't," and sets off to track Dale.Hershel leads Rick to the edge of the river where two walkers await are immobilized in muck. Hershel challenges Rick to catch and subdue the zombies ... and not kill them. He then says that if Rick and his group are to stay, they will need to abide by Hershel's rules for capturing any and all walkers. Rick agrees.Back at the farm, Glenn tries to speak with Maggie, but is rebuffed -- again. Glenn steps in front of his would-be girlfriend. "I don't care if they're sick people or dead people, they're dangerous," he says. "I don't want you in danger ... Secrets get you killed!" Maggie understands -- and demonstrates her understanding by kissing Glenn.Shane approaches Dale in the woods where he is about to secretly cache the group's firearms. "How bout you give me that bag?" Shane asks. Retorts Dale: "What? Are you going to shoot me like Otis?" Shane demands the bag of guns. Dale raises his weapon at Shane ... and then lowers it. "At least I can say when the world went to shit, I didn't let it take me down with it," Dale says. Not appearing to hear or understand, Shane takes back the weapons.Shane then comes storming back to the farm. He hands out guns to all the survivors, telling them that they are not only going to stay, but that they are also going to take out all the zombies in the barn. "This is not your decision to make!" Lori yells. But furious Shane isn't listening. Just then, the survivors see Rick and Hershel emerge from the woods with walkers at the end of long sticks. He goes ballistic. Ranting and screaming, Shane shoots one of the captured walkers several times in the body to make the point that real people are injured when that happens, and then he shoots the walker in the head.He tells the group that it is "enough" -- it is enough looking for a little girl that is dead and putting up with Hershel's plan to corral the zombies until a cure can be found."If you want to survive, you gotta fight for it!" he screams. Shane then breaks open the barn door. The zombies come lurching out -- and Shane opens fire. Daryl, Andrea, T-Dog and Glenn (after getting a reluctant "go ahead" nod from Maggie) also open fire. Rick does not. Hershel watches in horror as his friends, neighbors and relatives die for a second time. It is a massacre.The final walker to stumble out of the barn is Sophia. Carol runs toward her little girl, who snarls. Daryl holds back Carol. No one shoots. Finally, Rick steps forward. He draws his gun ... and shoots Sophia in the head.To be continued in February...
