We open with the gang arriving at Aaron's compound. After a few tense moments they move inside and the gate closes.Rick has a private, recorded meeting with one of the group's leaders, a former U.S. Congresswoman named Deanna. They feel each other out and she asks about his life "before" and how his current group got together. She says they are living in a planned community to which they were redirected on their way back to Ohio. Her husband, an architect, took materials from a nearby construction site and built the walls. They've been there the entire time and haven't taken in anybody new for quite some time. Rick thinks bringing in new people is a mistake. She says she wants Rick and his people to "help us survive." He tells her he was a sheriff in his former life.The gang is forced to give up their weapons, though they're told they'll have access to them whenever they go outside the walls.Rick and Carl move into their new home and immediately enjoy the perks of indoor plumbing: Shower, shave, etc.A female neighbor named Jesse drops by and offers to give Rick a haircut. She has two sons, one of whom is Carl's age.We see that Daryl's meeting with Deanna is less involved. He's not completely sure about what's happening.That first night the entire group decides to stay in the same house. Michonne takes Rick aside and tells him she "has a good feeling about this place." Before bedtime Deanna drops by to say goodnight and reminds them she has jobs picked out for everybody. The group is adjusting to a life where their guard can be let down. Rick briefly loses track of Carl and Judith when they go on a walk around town. He finds they are perfectly safe, talking with an older couple.Carl meets Jesse's son and some of his friends. Normal kid stuff is awkard for him.Carl tells Rick he's concerned the citizens of the new town are weak and "I don't want us to get weak."After a late night chat with Michonne, Rick goes for a walk through the town. He encounters Jesse's husband who welcomes him to Alexandria in a less-than-friendly tone.Carol is assigned the job of making food for some of Alexandria's older residents. She attempts to convince Daryl to take a shower and attempt to act like a normal person.Rick goes for a walk outside the walls. He looks for the gun he hid before they went inside but sees that it's gone.Carl spots one of the kids he met while hanging out with Jesse's son climbing over the fence. He follows her but loses track in the woods.Glen, Noah and Tara go on a practice supply run outside the wall with Aiden, Deanna's son. Aiden has an ROTC background.Rick and Carl link up and take out several walkers.Aiden breaks down their system and says they lost four people the previous month. He blames their death on being scared. Glen and his people are concerned by Aiden's interest in trophy-keeping with regard to walkers. When he tries to lock up a walker instead of killing it, Tara is nearly killed. This starts an argument that continues back inside the walls and gets physical. Deanna arrives to break things up and makes an announcement that Rick's people are to be treated as equals. She then says she'd like Rick and Michonne to be constables. They accept. She then thanks Glen for giving her son a firm dose of reality.The episode ends with Rick in his new uniform. He tells Carol and Daryl that they're staying. But "if they can't make it, we'll just take this place."
