Rick surveys the prison yard with binoculars and, once again, sees his dead wife in a fancy, white dress. He approaches her ... and she disappears. Lori reappears outside the prison gates so Rick follows. Finally, they meet and she caresses his face. Michonne watches Rick interact with nobody. She frowns.In Woodbury, Andrea receives a visit from the Governor, who promises not to retaliate against the survivors in the prison. "I've done some terrible things, I'm not fit to lead these people," the Governor says. "But you are." The Governor explains that he truly believed he could keep his daughter alive long enough to find a cure. But, now, he needs "time." Would Andrea take over as leader?Elsewhere, Daryl and Merle are hunting in the woods. Merle explains that there is no reason to even think about going back to the prison because the Governor is going to kill all of Daryl's friends. At the prison, Michonne warns the group of the same exact thing. Glenn volunteers to sneak back into Woodbury and assassinate the Governor himself. Hershel advocates leaving the prison. "We can't run," says Glenn, deciding that they'll defend the prison.In Woodbury, the Governor visits Milton and asks the lackey to keep tabs on Andrea. The Governor isn't sure where her loyalties lie. At the prison, walkers are getting into the complex, but nobody is sure where the breach might be. Glenn then approaches Maggie, who lies in bed and relives the horrors of her time with the Governor. "You go away!" she hisses at Glenn. He leaves. Outside, Carol shows Axel how to load a gun. "You're quite a lady," he says.Daryl and Merle continue their trek through the woods when they hear a baby crying. Daryl runs for a closer look and sees a group of strangers being attacked by walkers on a bridge. Inside a car is a woman holding a screaming baby. Merle tells his little brother to let it go, but Daryl doesn't listen. He opens fire on the walkers, slamming the last one's head in the car's hatchback. After the gore, Daryl and Merle find the survivors don't speak English. Merle begins ransacking the car for supplies and Daryl trains his crossbow on his bro. The terrified, but safe, survivors drive away. Merle blames Daryl's time with "Sheriff Rick" for his bleeding heart betrayal. It soon leeds to blows. Daryl's shirt is torn, revealing old scars on his back, apparently from whippings."You, too?" asks a shocked Merle. Turns out Merle left home after being beaten badly by their father. Afterward, dad turned his attentions on Daryl. Daryl then says he's going back to the prison to defend it against the Governor. Merle, feeling terrible for leaving his baby brother all those years ago, follows. At the prison, Hershel warns Glenn that his "rage" is going to get him killed. Glenn says that with Daryl gone and Rick gone crazy, he's in charge.Speaking of Rick, he continues to search for his dead wife outside the safety of the prison. Hershel approaches and asks if the leader is coming back. "Glenn's on the warpath," Hershel explains. "We need you now more than ever." Hesitantly, Rick says that he saw Lori. "I know it's not really her, but there's got to be a reason ... it's got to mean something," says Rick before turning away and walking back into the woods. Meanwhile, Michonne watches quietly.Meanwhile, Axel is talking (flirting) with Carol when his head suddenly explodes. A hundred yards away, the Governor lowers his assault rifle. It's on. Martinez opens fire, barely missing Rick, who dives for cover. Hundreds, maybe thousands, of rounds are exchanged. Suddenly, a truck comes CRASHING through the prison gates before stopping in the middle of the yard. It's back drops open ... and dozens of walkers pour out. The driver of the truck, wearing head-to-toe armor, runs out and escapes.The Governor smiles, gets back into this truck, and drives away. The survivors furiously try to kill the walkers ... and are soon joined by Daryl and Merle. They manage to fight off the undead, but now the war has officially started.
