We open at a familiar survivor camp. Lori announces that she is "heading out" -- and tells Carl to stick close to Dale. "If you see anything, holler," Dale demands. "I'll come running." So Lori heads into nearby woods to search for provisions. She hears a rustling. Nothing. She continues. More rustling. Nothing -- again. Lori is about to panic when ...Shane appears OUT OF NOWHERE and drags her to the ground. They immediately begin to strip off their clothes. Shane momentarily stops when he sees Lori's pendant. She removes it -- and the two get back to making wild love in the grass.Meanwhile, Lori's husband, sheriff Rick, remains trapped in a tank in the middle of Atlanta. Zombies swarm the military vehicle, but can't get inside. Inside, a voice comes from the radio. "Hey, you alive in there?" the voice asks. The voice then tells Rick that a side street is comparatively unpopulated by "walkers" -- and advises him to make a run for it. After a few deep breaths, Rick emerges from the top of the tank. He BASHES a zombie in the face, SHOOTS a few others and starts RUNNING. A young man suddenly appears (Rick ALMOST shoots the stranger) and diverts Rick down an alley.The pair climbs a fire escape -- and the man, the voice on the radio, introduces himself as Glenn. They climb to the roof then double back through the building to the street. With zombies hot on their heels, Rick and Glenn make it to a department store, where a band of survivors await. One of the survivors, Andrea, is FURIOUS at Rick for firing his gun and attracting the undead. "You just rang the dinner bell," she says. Sure enough, a horde of zombies has assembled at the entrance to the store. Suddenly, the group hears SHOTS.They sprint to the roof -- and find Dixon shooting his rifle. T-Dog, who is black, accuses Dixon of wasting bullets. Dixon immediately uses the N-word -- as if he were just waiting for an opportunity -- and the two immediately come to blows. It ends with Dixon pointing a gun at T-Dog and declaring himself superior. "Anybody else?" the racist asks. Rick answers in the affirmative -- and BASHES Dixon in the face with a rifle. Rick then cuffs Dixon to a pipe ... the tosses the keys off the roof. Dixon HOWLS with rage.Later, Rick suggests the group head for the sewers. Survivor Jacqui, who used to work in the city zoning office, explains that the building should have an access point in the basement. Glenn volunteers to head into the hole to scope out the situation -- and takes a flashlight and fellow survivor Morales with him. In the meantime, T-Dog and Dixon trade insults on the roof while the former tries to get somebody -- anybody -- on the radio. "It's nothing personal," Dixon says. "You're kind and my kind just weren't meant to mix." T-Dog shakes his head -- and refuses Dixon's request to give him a hacksaw.Glenn and Morales soon return from their sewer trip -- and explain that a steel grate blocks any chance of exit through the sewer. Even worse: the zombies outside have busted through the first set of glass doors. Only one final set of doors keeps them from entering the department store. So what now? Rick suggests a distraction. Andrea explains that the undead can smell the living. Apparently, their odor is distinct.The plan: chop up a dead body of a security guard and smear his blood and guts on their bodies. -- thus, smelling like a zombie. It's as disgusting as it sounds, but the survivors get the job done with a big axe and rubber gloves. Glenn vomits. "Do we smell like them?" Rick asks. Says Andrea with a grimace: "Oh, yeah." Rick then tosses T-Dog a key to Dixon's cuffs (an extra set he had stowed in his pocket) and heads outside with Glenn.Amazingly, the two blend in, passing zombies who sniff them before turning their undead attentions elsewhere. The other survivors watch from the roof. Unfortunately, storm clouds are gathering above. It's going to rain ... and possibly cleanse Rick and Glenn! T-Dog, meanwhile, continues to try to contact people on the radio. Although he doesn't know it, Shane's group of survivors can hear the calls -- barely. "He said a department store," Lori says. As it turns out, Andrea is the big sister to Amy, who is traveling with Shane, Lori, Carl, Dale and others. Andrea volunteered to go to Atlanta to get help. Now, Shane tells Amy that her sis "knew the risks" -- and they won't be going after her. Amy, naturally, is FURIOUS. "You sonofabitch!" Amy tells Shane, who looks guilty as hell.Rick and Glenn, meanwhile, continue to walk through the horde of zombies. Then it begins to rain. The guts begin to wash off of the pair. The zombies begin to smell something. Uh oh. A zombie ATTACKS -- and Rick BURIES his axe in the monster's brain. "Run!" Rick screams. So they do, eventually hopping a chain-link fence. As the zombies figure out how to climb the fence, Rick and Glenn hustle to a truck at a construction site. The keys have been left inside. They gun the engine and take off.But they don't go far. Rick soon stops the truck and breaks into a nearby sports car, setting off the loud alarm. The plan: Glenn will drive the sports car to the front of the department store. The alarm will attract the zombies. Meanwhile, Rick will drive the truck to the back of the store and pick up the survivors. Glenn calls the group on the radio to tell them the details. But what about racist Dixon? "You can't leave me here!" Dixon screams. T-Dog hesitates ... but finally decides to free Dixon with the key. Alas, T-Dog trips -- and the key bounces from his hand and disappears into an open pipe. "I'm sorry!" a distraught T-Dog screams before fleeing the roof. Again, Dixon HOWLS with anger.CUT to Glenn, who plows through a horde of walkers in front of the department store -- the car alarm BLARING the entire time. CUT to Rick, who backs up to a loading dock. Morales, Jacqui, T-Dog and Andrea jump into the back of the truck. Rick notices that Dixon isn't there. "I dropped the damn key," T-Dog explains. Finally, CUT to Glenn, who RACES down an empty highway in the sports car. He lets out a triumphant YELL!So everybody has escaped (with the possible exception of Dixon) ... for this week.
