The dead-alive eyes of a walker open the third season. It wanders through the kitchen of a once-cozy home. Seconds later, Rick, Daryl, and Carl burst into the house with guns blazing. They execute the undead as they sweep through the residence. They've all clearly done this before. Daryl even manages to shoot an owl for supper. Later, the gang, looking more run down -- and, in Hershel's case, hairier -- than ever, find cans of dog food, but not much else. T-Dog then glances out the window, spotting dozens of approaching walkers. The gang hightails it back to their caravan of trucks and escapes.Just another afternoon in post-apocalyptic, zombie-infested America.A meeting reveals that the group of survivors has explored almost every part of the region. "We can't keep going house to house," says Rick, looking at his pregnant wife. "We need to find a place to hole up for a few weeks." Moments later, Rick and Daryl head out to hunt -- and come across a large prison. Have their prayers been answered? Doubtful, but Rick and co. cut through the high, chain-link fence anyway, racing past walkers who occupy the yard. They find a safe spot and Rick volunteers to run for the prison's main entrance entryway. No one argues. So while Glenn, Maggie and T-Dog try to distract the undead -- and the rest of the gang provides cover from nearby guard towers -- Rick makes it into the prison's main exterior gated area. The survivors then proceed to shoot every single zombie shuffling through the yard. It's an undead massacre.Everyone is very happy. "We haven't had this much space since we left the farm!" yells Carol, who has become a sure shot with the rifle over a long winter. Says Beth: "This will be a good place to have the baby." Lori doesn't look so sure. Daryl, meanwhile, gives Carol a backrub to soothe the pain caused by the kickback of the rifle. The two have become quite chummy. Rick then gives the group a brief pep talk -- the prison could be a "goldmine" of medicine, weapons, and food, but exploring it will be dangerous. Very.The next day, a shadowy figure moves past walkers inside a general store. Suddenly, the walkers begin to fall victim to a swinging sword. Wielding the blade is Michonne, who finishes off the walkers by beheading a pair with one swing. All business, she grabs some packs of Aspirin and then quickly leaves. Rick and co., meanwhile, move farther into the prison complex, using hand-held weapons in order to conserve much-needed ammo. Rick hacks with a machete and Daryl knifes walkers in their eyes with a hunting knife. The well-practiced group, moving and killing together in a tight circle, then encounter walkers in full riot gear. These, of course, are much harder to kill. Rick, Daryl, Maggie, and T-Dog go for the necks with gory, but satisfying results.The survivors then inside the prison. Rick finds a dead guard and takes the key ring on his belt. They move deeper into the prison, finding a few cells still occupied by the undead, but nothing along the lines of a major threat. After more searching, Rick declares the cell block safe. As for the rest of the mammoth prison? Rick can't say for sure -- but, for now, the group has a sheltered place to sleep for the night. "Thank you," Lori whispers. But Rick remains cool to his wife. Glenn and Maggie then find a cell and get cozy. Lori and Carol room together. Daryl sets up camp on the second floor perch. Rick immediately begins patrolling. The poor guy looks absolutely exhausted.Michonne then returns to her hideout, where Andrea sleeps. Andrea is still in great pain and Michonne gives her the Aspirin. "We should go," Michonne says. Andrea urges her protector to leave her behind. "I won't have you dying for me!" she yells. Michonne, however, will not hear it. Moments later, she leads Andrea outside and into the nearby woods. She also leads a pair of armless zombies on leashes made of long chains. Back at the prison, Lori has a heart to heart with Hershel. "If we're all infected, so is the baby," she says. Lori also worries about dying in childbirth ... and turning into a walker. "You put me down immediately -- don't hesitate!" she insists. Hershel tries to calm her.Rick finds a closet of riot gear for himself, T-Dog, Daryl, and Hershel. They head into the next cellblock to explore. Dead bodies litter the ground. The group turns a corner to find dozens of walkers waiting. "Go back!" Rick yells. In the chaos, Hershel is bit on the lower part of his leg. Maggie screams in horror. Rick shoots the munching zombie in the head and the group retreats to a storage room and locks the door. Hershel is bleeding badly. It looks like the end for the old man. But Rick refuses to give up. "There's only one way to keep him alive," he says. Rick then grabs an axe and begins to hack at Hershel's leg just below the knee. It takes a few swings, but Hershel is finally separated from his infected body part. Maggie ties off the wound.The survivors then turn around and notice other human begins -- not walkers -- watching from the opposite side of a metal grate.
