Michonne drives Rick and Carl down a road when they see a young man with camping gear on this back. The man tries to get the car to stop. "Please!" he yells ... but Michonne doesn't even pump the breaks. And Rick says nothing. Some miles down the road, they must stop to try get around a pile up in the road. The car gets stuck in the mud and walkers come shambling. "Cover your ears," an eerily calm Rick tells Carl before rolling down the window a few inches and firing away. With the walkers exterminated, Rick and Carl are able to push the car back onto the road. Suddenly, they hear distant yelling and turn to see the man in camping gear sprinting toward them. Rick and Carl climb into the car and it takes off -- leaving the pleading man in the dust. Again.Later, the trio stops at an old police station -- where Rick used to work, in fact. They're looking for guns, but don't find any. Rick then suggests checking out a few other places in the heavily fortified town. Bad idea. The group is soon ambushed by a man in body armor shooting from the roof. The man seems to have Rick dead to rights when Carl steps out and shoots. The man goes down. "You OK?" asks Rick, staring at his young son. Carl says he is fine. They take the armor off the man, revealing Morgan, who Rick last saw long ago. "He saved my life," Rick tells Michonne. "He wasn't like this then. He has a son."Inside, they find "Duane turned" written on the wall. They also find a huge cache of guns -- perfect for the upcoming war against the Governor. On another wall is a sketch of the entire neighborhood. Rick's house is marked with "burned out" scratched across it in red chalk. Carl then suggests going next door to a baby supply store to look for a crib for Judith. Rick reluctantly agrees if Michonne agrees to go with him. Once out on the street, Carl goes straight past the baby place. "I'm getting Judith something else," he says.Rick, meanwhile, is attacked by Morgan, who springs from his sleep and accuses Rick of having turned. He stabs Rick in the shoulder, before Rick throws him to the ground. Morgan then begs Rick to shoot him. "Just kill me ... just kill me," Morgan mutters. Finally, Morgan seems to recognize Rick -- and then accuses him of going back on his promise to talk to Morgan via walkie talkie. "We kept getting pushed out farther and farther!" says a guilty Rick. Morgan then explains that he was unable to kill his walker wife, who eventually attacked and killed Duane. "I was selfish," Morgan weeps. "I was weak."Outside, Carl and Michonne approach a cafe that is crawling with walkers. They distract the horde by tossing caged animals -- a trick left behind by Morgan -- into the middle of the restaurant. Then, they sneak around back ... only to find dozens more. They flee outside and Carl drops what he came for: a framed photograph of his family from happier days. Michonne tells Carl she will go inside and get the photo. "No more bullshit!" Michonne boasts. "That's how we get it done." Sure enough, Michonne eventually returns with the photo. "I just think Judith should have one ... it's the only one left," he explains.Rick, in the meantime, urges Morgan to come back with him to the prison. "You will be torn apart by teeth or bullets -- you and your boy, your people!" Morgan yells. "But not me! Because I am not going to watch that happen again!" Morgan yells. Rick tells his old friend that he must be strong. He must recover and find his humanity again. "You have to be able to come back from all of this!" says Rick, likely trying to convince himself, too. Morgan refuses. Rick goes outside to see Michonne and Carl carrying a crib. They head out of town.Rick asks his son if everything went OK with Michonne. "I think she might be one of us," the boy says. Michonne then has a heart-to-heart with Rick, telling him that she understands if he occasionally "sees people." "I used to talk to my dead boyfriend," Michonne says. "It happens." On the drive back, they see the bloody remains of the camper, his body torn to shreds. They stop the car to retrieve the man's pack ... and then speed away.
