FLASHBACK: A long line of cars chokes the highway as families attempt to flee the undead menace. Shane, Lori and other familiar faces try to restrain their panic in front of the children. Suddenly, there is a loud bang. Helicopters fly overhead. Lori and Shane run toward the sound. From the woods, they watch a city being fire-bombed by the government. Horrified and frightened, the pair embraces.PRESENT DAY. Lori awakens inside a tent outside the Hershel farm. Carol suggests cooking dinner for the Hershel clan. "Trying to look for things to keep my mind occupied," the distraught mom explains. The survivors then plan their day of searching for Sophia. Dale and T-Dog affectionately tease Daryl, who claims to have once seen a Chupacabra. Daryl points out that dead are currently walking the Earth, so stranger things have happened.Glenn approaches Maggie and notes that they still have 11 condoms left. "I don't even know if I like you," she says. Still, Maggie appears intrigued. Later, Rick and Shane search for Sophia and joke about the girls Shane slept with in high school. Shane suddenly becomes serious. "That life is gone and everyone in it," he says. Shane then gets honest with Rick, telling the sheriff that they are wasting their time -- and risking their lives -- wandering through the woods looking for a girl who is likely dead. Rick, of course, feels personally responsible -- and has no plans to call off the search.Daryl rides through the woods on horseback. He stops on a ridge and looks down on the riverbank. There appears to be a body in the muck. Daryl slowly approaches to find a doll and some clothes. "Sophia!" he yells. No response. Daryl gets back on the horse which is shortly spooked by a snake. Daryl is thrown and tumbles down a steep hill. The expert hunter lies injured and bleeding. In fact, he has accidentally impaled himself on one of his arrows. It sticks through his side. Daryl stumbles to his feet and ties off his wound as best as possible. He limps badly to shore. Doesn't look good.Glenn, meanwhile, approaches Lori. "You're pregnant," he whispers. Lori swears the young man to secrecy. She hasn't told a soul. Rick soon returns and pulls aside his wife. "Shane says my good intentions are making us weaker -- that I can't make the hard decisions for the good of the group," Rick explains to Lori. She tells Rick to stay the course. He isn't being soft at all, in her humble opinion. Rick is then summoned to speak with Hershel. "One of my horses is missing," Hershel says. "Did one of your people take it?" Rick apologizes. He thought Daryl had informed the old man. Also: Hershel is upset that young Jimmy joined the search team. Again, Rick thought Hershel was aware when he wasn't. Hershel has a simple solution to the communication problems: "I'll control my people, you control yours." Rick agrees without saying a word.Daryl lies unconscious on the riverbed. Suddenly his brother Merle appears and berates his little brother. "You're going to die out here, little brother -- and for what?" Merle asks. He wants to know why Daryl is risking his life for a little girl and not out searching for his sibling. "One of these days, they're going to scrape you off their heels like you was dog s#@t," Merle says. "They ain't your kin Ain't nobody going to care about you except me." And then Merle -- a hallucination -- is gone. Unfortunately, Merle has been replaced by a drooling zombie who is attempting to chew on his leg. Daryl responds immediately, stabbing the zombie in the eye with a piece of wood. Another walker approaches. Daryl rips the arrow from his side, loads and with difficulty cocks his crossbow and shoots it in the head.Daryl then decides to take his phantom brother's advice and get serious about surviving. He eats a squirrel -- raw -- before making a necklace of zombie ears. Soon, Merle reappears. "I'm as real as your Chupacabra!" he yells. Somehow, Daryl makes it to the top of the ridge. Merle is gone. "Yeah, you better run!" Daryl screams at nothing. Later, Hershel is upset to find Rick's survivors cooking dinner in the kitchen. "We need to be setting clear boundaries with these people," Hershel tells Maggie. "Don't get close to them. They aren't going to be around forever." Unhappy, Maggie leaves the room.Outside, Glenn approaches Dale for advice about Maggie. In order to do so, Glenn admits that he had sex with Maggie. Dale is concerned, worried that Hershel would be mighty upset (and he would, too). "He is our host," Dale says. "Jesus, Glenn, what were you thinking?" Says Glenn: "I was thinking that I might be dead tomorrow." Good point. Suddenly, Andrea spots a walker emerging from the tree line a few hundred yards away. She is anxious for some target practice and takes aim. Of course, the walker is actually a bloodied and shambling Daryl. She fires -- and Daryl goes down.Andrea's pride turns to horror when she discovers that she has shot Daryl. The other survivors drag Daryl inside. He has been grazed on the head. Later, Hershel tends to Daryl, who explains that he found Sophia's doll in the creek bed. Hershel, meanwhile, has just about had enough. His horse is missing and the antibiotics are going fast. "It's a wonder you people have survived this long," he pointedly tells Rick. Shane agrees with Hershel. "We can't keep going out there -- not after this," the deputy says. Rick storms out. Dale, in the meantime, tells a distraught Andrea that she shouldn't be so hard on herself. "We've all wanted to shoot Daryl at one time or another," he quips. Andrea manages to smile weakly.Later, Hershel's people and Rick's people eat dinner together inside the farmhouse. No one says much. Maggie and Glenn pass notes like school kids. It looks like they might get back together that evening, after all. Carol then brings Daryl dinner. "You did more for my little girl today than her daddy did his whole life," Carol says. "You're every bit as good as them. Every bit." Daryl doesn't respond. After dinner, Maggie reads the note from Glenn: "Ever done it in a hayloft?" Maggie appears alarmed and rushes out.Glenn approaches the property's massive barn. It is locked, so he climbs to the hay loft and enters. Inside, more than a dozen zombies are being kept on the ground floor. Maggie enters. "You weren't supposed to see this," she says.
