The episode begins with Father Gabriel having what seems like an erosion of his faith. He glances at a welcome note from one of the Alexandria residents and begins tearing pages out of his Bible.Noah has a meeting with Deanna's husband Reg, the architect who constructed the walls surrounding Alexandria. Noah wants to be taught how to build, thinking it will be valuable to have another person capable of working on the wall as the community grows. Reg agrees and gives him a journal so he can begin documenting Alexandria's growth.Power in Alexandria has periodically been going down, so a group departs to pick up spare parts from a warehouse. Eugene doesn't want to go, but they feel he's too important to the process of finding what they need. He reluctantly agrees to carry a gun. Glenn and Aiden lead the group, which includes Noah, Tara and Nicholas.Jessie shows Rick that somebody has destroyed the family's owl statue. He agrees to look into it.The group arrives at the back of the warehouse. They check the perimeter and see a huge group of walkers. That will not be a viable exit. Inside they see most of the walkers are contained behind a fence. Eugene quickly finds what they need, but moments later Aiden shoots a grenade that was on a walker's chest. This impales him on several metal spikes against a wall, and gives Tara a severe, potentially deadly head wound. It also breaks the fence, releasing the rest of the walkers. With Aiden appearing to be dead, Glenn, Noah Nicholas and Eugene take the unconscious Tara to a nearby office.Sam pays Carol a visit. He's looking for more cookies. She coldly tells him the only way that will happen is if he steals the chocolate.From the office it appears that Aiden is moving. They are cornered, but agree to try and save him. Eugene stays with Tara while Glenn, Noah and Nicholas go for Aiden.Abraham is part of Tobin's construction team that is starting the process of expanding the wall. While gathering materials from the mall construction site they are attacked by walkers. During the gunfire the lookout Francine is knocked from her perch. Tobin wants to leave her behind, but Abraham rushes in and manages to heroically save her life.A drunken Pete wanders over to Rick's place with a few beers. It is an awkward exchange.While trying to save Aiden, Nicholas basically just gives up. Just before Noah and Glenn are forced to leave him for the walkers, Aiden tells them that when past visitors died the reason was that his people panicked under pressure. Eugene tosses Tara over his shoulder and is able to get outside to the van. Meanwhile Noah, Glenn and Nicolas end up trapped in a revolving door.Tobin recommends to Deanna that she name Abraham head of construction.During the cookie cooking session Sam admits to breaking the owl because he was angry. He hints that he might need a gun for protection, but not for himself. When Carol question who the gun would be for, Sam bolts for the door, leaving Carol behind.Glenn and Noah are in the section of the revolving door opposite Nicholas. Eugene arrives in the van and is able to draw away the walkers from outside the building. Glenn's plan is to break the glass on their side, then release Nicholas. But Nicolas panics and squeezes himself to safety. This of course swings part of Glenn and Noah's section towards those walkers. Noah is pulled inside and torn to shreds.Nicholas returns to the van before Glenn and demands that Eugene take them home. Eugene isn't having it and demands to know what happened to Glenn and Noah. Nicholas tries to drive off, but Glenn arrives and throws him to the ground, giving him several punches to the face for good measure. Glenn tells Eugene to toss Nicholas into the back.The end of the episode splices together two scenes: One is Carol going to Pete's house to check on Sam, whoch had run out earlier without his cookies. When Pete tells Carol that Sam is fine, Carol notices Pete has bloody/bruised knuckles. Carol then asks if Jessie is home, to which, Pete says she can't come to the door and shuts the door in Carol's face.At the same time we see an almost crazed Gabriel go to Deanna's to tell her Rick's people are bad and the will eventually put their own lives first to destroy what she is building. Maggie secretly hears this conversation. Carol tells Rick she believes Pete is beating Jessie, and possibly Sam as well, and that there is no choice when it comes to a situation like Pete's: "You're going to have to kill him."
