FLASHBACK. A pair of jawless, armless walkers are tied to a tree next to campfire where Andrea and Michonne cook dinner. "Where did you find them?" Andrea asks. But Michonne doesn't want to talk about it, other than to say: "They deserved what they got -- they weren't human to begin with."PRESENT DAY. The Governor's forces prepare for war by loading weapons onto a truck. "I thought there was a deal on the table," Andrea says. Milton says that it's just a precaution, but he doesn't look completely sure. So Milton visits the Governor and tries to get him from killing everybody at the prison. The Governor refuses to listen, citing the death of his walker daughter and his need for revenge. Milton then goes behind the Governor's back and shows her the torture chamber being built for Michonne. "This is sick," Andrea whispers.Later, Milton tries to tell Andrea that killing the Governor won't save her friends in the prison -- because Martinez would just take over. Andrea tells Milton that she is heading back to the prison. "If you stay, you can't keep looking the other way," she says. Andrea then meets the Governor on the street. "I want you with us when we go to meet Rick," he tells her. Andrea acts nice and promises to help wherever she can. She then heads to the wall and walks past Tyreese and Sascha, who are standing guard. She tells the pair that the Governor isn't what he seems to be. In fact, the man is a monster.So Andrea escapes Woodbury, but carries only a knife after her firearm was collected for the attack on the prison. Tyreese and Sascha then head to the Governor and tell him what happened. The Governor spins a story about Andrea being mentally unstable -- and then asks Tyreese and Sascha to help Martinez on a special project. The Governor then finds Milton, who admits that he knew Andrea was going to leave. The Governor quickly deduces that Andrea also knows about the impending assault on the prison. He is furious.Meanwhile, Andrea runs down the road when she hears the Governor's truck behind her. She races into the woods and is immediately set upon by a group of walkers. Using only her knife, she manages to dispatch all three of the zombies. with well-placed stabs to the eyes and forehead. Tyreese, Sascha, Alan, and Ben join Martinez offsite at a hole in the ground filled with trapped walkers. Tyreese quickly deduces that the walkers will be used against Rick's survivors at the prison. "You can't do this!" Tyreese says. "They have women and children!" That prompts a fistfight with Alan, who is committed to making a new life in Woodbury. In the end, Tyreese decides not to toss Alan into the pit.Andrea runs through a field and is spotted by the Governor, who goes off road and races his truck toward her. She runs to an old factory and hides inside. The Governor soon enters and begins to stalk Andrea through the ruined interior. "Come home, Andrea," he says. "We need you." When she doesn't answer, the Governor begins bashing all the glass he can find with a shovel. He is distracted by a noise behind ... but it turns out to be walkers. He shoots them -- and then bashes their brains to stew with the shovel. Andrea runs for a door leading upstairs, but the stairwell is absolutely filled with walkers.Just then, the Governor appears. "Time to go home, Andrea," he growls. Andrea throws open the door and hides behind it while walkers spill out by the dozens. Andrea makes a run for it as the walkers descend on the Governor. Behind her, she can hear the Governor fighting and yelling. Elsewhere, a mysterious someone arrives at the walker pit and soaks the site and trailer in gasoline before tossing a match. All of the walkers being saved for the assault on the prison go up in flames. As day breaks, Andrea approaches the prison. Just as she is about to walk out into the open -- and into the arms of her old comrades -- the Governor appears from behind and pulls her down.The Governor returns to Woodbury, but claims not to have seen or found Andrea. He also tells Tyreese and Sascha that the walkers at the pit were just going to be used as a scare tactic. Tyreese apologizes for stirring up trouble and assures the Governor that he and his group want to stay in Woodbury. "Where did you get the gasoline?" the Governor asks. Tyreese clearly doesn't know what the Governor is talking about. His suspicions turn to Milton.Andrea, in the meantime, is being held in the Governor's torture chamber -- bound and gagged.
