The episode begins with the gang on its way to Washington. The last vehicle runs out of gas and they're in rough shape. Water and food are scarce, to the point some are eating worms out of the ground. They're even letting a trail of walkers hang out a few hundred feet behind, waiting for a more ideal time to dispatch them.Maggie is starting to do some hardcore grieving for her sister. Carl finds a music box and gives it to her. Father Gabriel approaches Maggie and offers his services if she ever wants to talk. She isn't interested and points that he wasn't there to protect his flock.Sasha tells Michonne she's gung ho to run back and take on the walkers. Michonne advises her to wait and warns her that she needs to make sure not to act rash following a loss the way her brother had.While searching for water Carol gives Beth's knife to Daryl. She says he needs to let himself "feel" the loss.The gameplan for getting rid of the walkers involves standing near the top of a ravine and simply stepping aside and tossing them down there. It's working perfectly until Sasha decides that's not good enough and knifes one of them in the head. This throws the operation off-balance and Rick very nearly gets bitten. Michonne gives her an angry I-warned-you afterwards.The gang comes across some wild dogs that end up providing a much-needed meal.Sasha gives Noah some advice when he tells her he's scared he won't make it.We see Gabriel toss his priest collar into the fire.When Maggie refuses water Glenn realizes something's up. The circumstances of losing Beth has her wondering if she wants to go on anymore. Glenn gives her a pep talk that seems to strike a chord. He then has to do the same thing to Daryl when he starts passing on water.Daryl says he's going looking for water. Instead he finds a quiet spot in the woods and has a good cry.The group finds a suspicious bunch of water sitting in the middle of the road next to a sign that reads "FROM A FRIEND." Eugene is willing to give it a shot, but everybody agrees it's too dangerous to actually drink. Almost immediately after that decision the sky opens up with a rainstorm.They spot a barn and take cover. It provides them shelter. That night Rick tells a story about his grandfather's experience in WWII. He compares their situation, saying that they are the walking dead, doing whatever they can to survive before being able to live again.In the middle of the night an enormous pack of walkers arrives and tries to break their way through. They'd have surely been overrun if not for a several trees falling down in precisely the right way to take out the walkers.The episode ends the next morning with Maggie and Sasha having an existential conversation while watching the sun come up. They decide that they're going to make it. Suddenly a very clean non-walker arrives with hands up and introduces himself as Aaron. He wants to talk with their leader, "Rick, right?"
