At the church, Sascha is still mourning Bob, and taking her anger out on the inside of the church with a sledgehammer. In fact, everyone is breaking up items to secure to the church's windows and doors. Rick prepares to go with Daryl, Tyreese, Noah and Sascha on a mission to rescue Carol and Beth. He hugs Carl and kisses Judith before leaving. Gabriel looks at old blood on the ground -- his past still haunting him. Furiously, he attempts to scratch the dried blood away. But it's not going anywhere.Inside the hospital, Beth -- her face showing the recent beating she received from Dawn -- is mopping floors. She peeks into a room where a passed-out Carol is in bed. Elsewhere, Eugene remains unconscious after his beating from Abraham, who is conscious but equally unresponsive when offered water by Rosita. Eventually, he bats the water away and rises. Maggie points a gun at him. "Sit down or I'll put you down," she warns. Slowly, a seething Abraham sits back down.Near the hospital, Rick sketches out a plan of sneak attack, involving much throat slitting and killing. Tyreese suggests that they avoid the violence, capture some of Dawn's men and propose an even trade. Surprisingly, Daryl agrees with the big man, vetoing Rick's ruthless plan. At the church, Carl offers to teach Gabriel how to defend himself. "You need to know how to fight," says the boy, explaining that a machete is a good choice but you don't want to be stabbing walkers in their skulls because sometimes they're not soft. Gabriel almost vomits and excuses himself.At the hospital, one of Dawn's cop goons wants to take Carol off life support. Beth intervenes, telling the man he should stop recharging his DVD player if he wants conserve resources. The goon sneers, and Dawn gives him permission to take Carol off. After the goon leaves, Dawn gives Beth the key to the drug locker, saying that she had no choice to grant the goon permission given the delicacy of the entire situation -- but that Beth, who has proven herself strong, should try to save Carol herself.On the side of the road, the gang prepares to leave. Maggie tells Abraham, who still sits motionless, to get over himself. "You're not the only one who lost something today," she says. "It's not going to get any better than this." At the hospital, Beth asks Steve what medicine he would give Carol. He warns that Dawn would not hand over the key to the drug locker out of the goodness of her own heart. Then, Steve tells Dawn what drugs to use. He even manages to wish Beth good luck.In Atlanta, Noah gets himself captured by two of Dawn's cops. It's a trap, of course -- for the cops. Rick and gang soon emerge and force the cops to surrender. Suddenly, the car with the white cross on the back pulls up and the cop in the front seat opens fire. Sascha manages to shoot out the cross car's back tire. The car speeds around the corner, running over walkers that are without legs. The group follows on foot and the driver leaps out of the car. Later, he surprises Daryl, nearly pushing his head into the jaws of a immobile walker. Daryl hooks his fingers into the walker's eyes and rips off its head, using the skull as a bludgeon to beat the driver. Rick then shows up with gun drawn and clearly wants to kill the cop. Daryl talks Rick down, and the group -- now with three cop hostages -- proceeds according to Tyreese's plan.At the church, Gabriel is "resting" alone in his quarters when Michonne knocks on the door to see if he's OK. Gabriel thanks the woman then shuts the door. He then returns to pulling out floorboards. He lowers himself through the floor and emerges out from the under the church. He steps on a nail, winces and pulls it out -- then continues walking away from his church. It's not long before Gabriel is attacked by a walker. He manages to throw the walker to the ground, but can't bring himself to finish the job as the walker wears a cross around its neck.At the hospital, Beth sneaks into Carol's room and administers the drugs. "Carol, it's Beth," she says. "I just wanted you to know I'm here." Elsewhere, Maggie tries one more time to give Abraham water. "Did you want me to shoot you?" Maggie asks. Abraham says he thought he did, but now he does not. Just then, Eugene groans. Later, Sascha discovers that one of the captured cops is named Bob. She takes to the man, who explains that a friend of his is lying outside, a walker burned to the asphalt. Sascha agrees to shoot the friend and put him out of his undead misery. She goes to the window when the cop pushes her into the glass, knocking her out cold.The cop, his hands still manacled, runs.
