The survivors argue about what they should do next. Stand their ground, or try to run from the Governor. Daryl declares that he isn't scared of the one-eyed terror. "Y'all should be," warns Merle, who is separated from the group by a locked cell door. "He's got the guns and the numbers." Rather than make a decision, Rick makes to wander back outside -- perhaps in search of visions of his dead wife. Hershel has had enough of that. He tells Rick that it's time to put aside Lori. "Get your head clear," Hershel says. "And do something!"Later, Carl approaches his dad with advice. "You should stop being the leader," the boy says. "You deserve a rest." Back in Woodbury, the Governor and Milton discuss training an army of residents, including adolescents. Andrea bursts into the room and challenges the Governor about going to the prison. The Governor claims to have gone only to negotiate before being attacked. "They're bloodthirsty," he warns. "You go to that prison, you stay there." Back at the prison, Glenn voices his objection -- again -- to the presence of Merle. Daryl voices his support -- again -- of his brother. Hershel then has a heart-to-heart with Merle, who explains that the Governor will kill everybody, including children, before Rick so that the leader will suffer the most. "That's who you're dealing with," Merle finishes. Carol then welcomes back Daryl -- and offers her advice on family relations. "He's your brother, but he's not good for you," she says. "Look how far you've come." Back at Woodbury, Andrea tells Milton that she is sneaking to the prison, but needs his help. Milton immediately goes to see the Governor and shares the news. "Help her," the Governor growls. So Andrea and Milton head out into the woods to tackle and pin down a walker. Andrea proceeds to hack off each of its arms. She then puts a rock under its mouth and stomps on its head, effectively de-toothing the monster. Andrea then puts a leash around its neck when, suddenly, Tyreese, Sascha, Alan and Ben burst into the forest clearing.At the prison, Merle tries to apologize to Michonne ... to a point. He says he was just following orders when he tried to kill her. "Let bygones be bygones," Merle says. Michonne, being Michonne, doesn't say a word. In the woods, Milton volunteers to take Tyreese and his crew back to Woodbury while Andrea continues her "sweep" of the area with the limbless, toothless walker in tow -- a tactic to ward off other undead. Later, she approaches the prison and is first spotted by Carl. Andrea walks to the gate, which Rick opens at the last moment. He holds a gun to her head. "Welcome back," he growls.Andrea is brought inside, where at least Carol greets her with a hug. Everybody else is pretty cool to their old traveling partner. Andrea asks about Shane and Lori -- and, from all the grim faces, guesses their fate. "We can settle this," Andrea says. "There is room at Woodbury for all of you." She then explains that the Governor is training the citizens of Woodbury for war. Andrea doesn't want anymore bloodshed, but nobody believes the Governor shares her wishes for a truce. Later, Andrea and Michonne have a quiet moment. "He sent Merle to kill me ... would've sent Merle to kill you, too, if you had come with me," Michonne says. Andrea is thunderstruck.At Woodbury, Tyreese and crew reveal that they were at the prison before an "unhinged" Rick threw them out. "We'll do anything to earn our keep," Tyreese says. In other words, the Governor may have himself a few more soldiers. At the prison, Carol has parting advice for Andrea: "Give him the greatest night of his life and, then, when he's sleeping, you can end this." Cynical, but effective. That night, Andrea pulls up to the front gates of Woodbury in a car given to her by Rick and her old mates. She is left alone with the Governor. "I went to the prison, they're broken," Andrea explains. She says she made a choice to come back to Woodbury ... and back to the Governor. Soon, the two are making out. Is this a true reconciliation or the beginnings of Carol's plan? Later, Andrea rises from bed and gets a knife. She stands over the Governor ... but then backs away. She can't bring herself to kill him, it seems.
