Atlanta. The city is mostly empty ... save for the walkers. Rick is on the roof of a building and talking to Morgan via walkie-talkie (Morgan, of course, may or may not actually be listening). "The CDC was a dead end," the sheriff says. "We're moving on." Rick tells Morgan that Dr. Jenner "Told me something...he told me..." and further continues the tease of whatever the Dr. whispered into Rick's ear before fleeing the CDC. Turns out the gang of survivors is heading to Fort Benning -- 125 miles away. The caravan consists of Daryl on a motorcycle and everybody else in a truck and RV. While Rick and Lori reminisce about a past family road trip to the Grand Canyon, Shane helps Andrea put together her gun, which was a gift from her father. The group soon runs into a snag when the entire road is blocked by cars filled with dead bodies. The caravan carefully snakes in and out of traffic when the RV suddenly breaks down.So the survivors have to stop -- at least momentarily. They decide to take advantage of the situation by scavenging for food and supplies. "This is a graveyard," Lori says. "I don't know how I feel about this." Shane feels great about it, especially after he discovers a truck full of water cooler tanks. He takes an impromptu shower. Rick then notices a walker some miles down the road through the scope on his rifle ... then another ... and another ... and another six dozen. Very quickly but quietly, Rick urges the scavenging survivors to hide under the vehicles as the zombies shuffle past within a few very intense moments.Unfortunately, T-Dog cuts his arm on a car, causing it to bleed profusely. In the meantime, Andrea is inside the RV and quickly hides in restroom as a zombie wanders inside. She tries desperately to remember how to put her gun together ... and drops the pieces. Hearing the noise, the zombie bursts into the bathroom. Dale, who's been hiding on the roof of the RV, drops a screwdriver down to Andrea who violently stabs the walker in the eye, killing it. Outside, a walker approaches T-Dog, who is on the verge of losing consciousness. Suddenly, Daryl appears and silently stabs the monster in the brain stem. He then pulls a few corpses over himself and T-Dog until the zombies pass by.Seemingly safe, Sophia begins climbing out from under a car. Big mistake. A zombie appears and gives chase. She runs into the nearby woods and Rick follows. Two walkers chase Sophia but Rick manages to find her first and pleads with her to hide under a fallen tree in a stream. He tells her that he will draw the zombies away and that she is to run back toward the road once that happens. Rick explains that he can't shoot, or ALL the zombies on the road will hear. Well, the two zombies take the bait and pursue Rick, who hides behind a tree with a giant rock. He gets the best of the walkers, pounding their skulls with the rock when they pass.Later, Sophia is discovered to have gone missing. Rick, Shane, Daryl, and Glenn find her tracks, which suddenly -- and without reason -- veer left and away from the road. Rick and Daryl press on while Shane and Glenn return to the road to try to calm everybody else. Carl finds a bag of axes and knives and proudly shows them to Shane, who curtly dismisses the boy. When confronted by Lori, he explains that he is going to "quietly slip away first chance I get." No longer can he stay anywhere near Lori. It hurts too much. Back in the woods, Daryl kills a walker with a crossbow. Rick notices that the zombie has flesh in its teeth. But what kind of flesh? Only one way to find out. So Daryl opens up the walker's stomach and pulls out its contents. It's absolutely disgusting, but productive. The zombie has only had a woodchuck for dinner. "At least we know," Rick quips.Rick and Daryl then return to the road and try to calm Carol, who is near hysterical. "How could you just leave her there to begin with!" Carol cries. Rick explains that leaving Sophia alone was his only option but that they'll have to wait till morning to continue searching. The next morning, Daryl organizes the search party and reluctantly agrees to take along Carl who asserts that he's her friend and can help. Andrea, meanwhile, confronts Dale about the incident at the CDC. "I didn't want your blood on my hands and that's the only reason I left that building," Andrea says. She is angry that Dale did not let her choose death. He is speechless -- hurt and confused. So is Carl, who is once again rebuffed by a sullen Shane. The search party then heads into the woods and comes upon a tent. Inside is the rotting corpse of a man who has committed suicide. Daryl quickly pockets the dead man's gun.Suddenly, the group hears bells ringing in the distance. They follow the noise to a pristine white church surrounded by a graveyard. Rick and Daryl burst inside to zombies sitting quietly in the church pews. It's incredibly creepy. Rick, Shane, and Daryl then slice and dice the inhabitants. Glenn, in the meantime, discovers that the bells are automated. "They're on a timer," gasps a disappointed Daryl. The group decides to take a breather and Andrea overhears Shane arguing with Lori about leaving. By the end of the conversation, Andrea knows that a) Shane and Lori had a thing and b) that Shane intends to leave without telling anyone. Lori storms inside the church. Afterwards, Shane turns and spots Andrea. He knows that she now knows his big secret.Inside the church, Carol prays to Jesus that her daughter be returned safe. "Please, Lord, punish me however you want, but show mercy on her," the desperate mother finishes. Outside, Andrea tells Shane that she wants to go with him when he bolts. "All I care about is getting out of here," Andrea says. "I'm not asking you to go steady. I'm asking you for a ride ... think it over." The group then decides to split up. Rick, Shane, and Carl will stay behind and search around the church. The others will head back to the road. Daryl gives his spare gun -- the dead man's weapon -- to Lori before she departs.Now it is Rick's turn to pray. He asks for a sign that he is doing the "right thing." "I don't need all the answers ... any sign will do," he tells the silent Jesus statue. In the meantime, the other survivors stop for a water break on their way back to the road. Lori confronts Andrea about giving her dirty looks because she has a gun, so she offers it up. She then tells Carol and everyone else to stop blaming Rick for what happened to Sophia and all their other troubles. The man isn't perfect, after all. Andrea, seemingly contrite, gives Lori the gun back and they all continue on their way.Back in the woods, Rick, Carl, and Shane come across a male deer which stops to look at them. Carl approaches the deer curiously while Rick and Shane look on with adoration. Could this be the sign Rick prayed for? Just as Carl gets within arm's reach, a shot rings out. The bullet goes through the deer, killing it, and hits Carl in the chest. Rick screams and runs to his son who lies motionless on the ground.To be continued ...
