Episode starts with a flashback to Carol driving away from Rick after being banished. She is stone faced, but soon breaks down in tears while parked by the side of the road. A walker punches the window. "Go away!" Carol screams before speeding off. She finds an abandoned law office and sets up camp-- but is soon drawn back to the prison when she sees the smoke from the battle with the Governor.Flash to the present and Carol and Daryl are chasing the car with the white cross on the back window. The car that took Beth. "Let's see who they are," Daryl says. "And then we'll do what we have to do to get her back."They follow the mysterious car to Atlanta and watch as the car stops and a uniformed police officer gets out and does something off screen (Almost looked like he killed someone, not a walker). When he's walking back to his car, he hears a walker who has started beating on Daryl and Carol's car. He watches for a moment but then leaves.Carol and Daryl try to figure out when to do when she tells him she knows a place they can stop for the night a few streets over. They then head to an office building. "You used to work here or something?" Daryl asks. Says Carol: "Or something."After they set up in a room with bunk beds (She gets top bunk) Carol reveals that it's temporary housing for the abused. Carol stayed there a long time ago. "They said we'd get to start over," she says. "Did you?" Responds Daryl: "I'm trying."They continue to talk and lay on the bottom bunk talking when a sudden BANGING noise is heard. Carol and Daryl grab their guns and investigate.On the other side of clouded glass down the hallway is an adult walker ... along with a child walker. They turn around and go back to the bunk room. The next morning, Carol awakens to see fire outside the window. Daryl has wrapped the adult and the child walkers -- now safely dead (again) -- in blankets and is burning the bodies. "Thank you," Carol says to her friend. Later, the pair run down the empty city streets.They find walkers and Daryl lights a legal pad on fire, tossing it into an intersection. The flame draws the walkers, and the survivors duck into a parking garage. Someone is following them. They enter a very nice professional office with what once was a beautiful view of downtown. Daryl uses the scope of a rifle and spots a van with white crosses on the back window hanging off of a freeway overpass. Daryl and Carol head back the way they came ... and run into a young Noah (Tyler James Williams) holding a gun. He demands that the pair hand over their weapons, including Daryl's crossbow."Sorry about this," the young man says. "You look tough. You'll be alright." Carol pulls a concealed revolver and tries to shoot him, but Daryl bats her hand away. "He's just a damn kid," Daryl says. She replied that she was only going to shoot him in the leg, not kill him and that they needed their weapons. Daryl told her they'll find more.Later, the pair approaches the van on the freeway overpass and they search it. Daryl notices a hospital-grade stretcher in the back. "That may be where they're holding up," he says. Suddenly, walkers approach from all directions. Carol and Daryl fasten themselves in the front seats with the seat belts and hold hands as the van pitches forward off the overpass, falling 25 feet to the ground below.The two survive and make ready to get out of the van when walkers slam down onto the roof of the ruined vehicle.Once walkers stop falling onto the van, Carol and Daryl emerge mostly unscathed and limp toward the hospital. They camp in a building with wide windows across from the hospital to keep watch on it. They continue their discussion from the night before about being able to start over and Carol notes that Daryl was a kid when she met him, and now he's a man. Carol then confesses she stayed at the shelter for the abused for only a day and a half before running back to her husband to be beaten again. At the prison, she explains, she got to be the person she felt like she always should have been.They continue trying to find a way over to the hospital and see one of Daryl's bolts sticking out of the head of a walker. Another walker attacks and Carol, who is more injured from the recent fall than she has let on, is almost bitten.In the next room, Daryl finds Noah trying to stop a walker from coming into the room by blocking the door with a heavy bookshelf -- and pushes the bookshelf over to trap the young man. "I helped you once, I'm not helping you again," Daryl tells the kid before taking his crossbow back and grabbing a pack of cigarettes that Noah was carrying with him in a plastic bag.Carol argues with him telling him not to leave the kid. Daryl lights up one of the cigarettes and walks off leaving Carol alone with Noah. The walker trying to get into the room finally bursts in and goes for Noah. Carol tries to help him, but is too hurt from the crash and an earlier walker attack to do any good.Just when it seems like the walker is going to bite the boy, Daryl changes his mind and saves the kid by shooting the walker in the head, then lifts the bookcase to free the young man.Noah explains that he got away from the hospital and Daryl asks if a blonde girl is being held there. Noah explains that Beth was the one who helped free him. The three of them are running to leave the building because the shots that were fired to stop the walkers had drawn the attention of the people in the hospital.Carol ran out first and is hit by a slow moving car. The person who hit her (one of the cops) gets out, grabs her and loads her into the car.Daryl is ready to go all Rambo on them and save her when Noah convinces him to let them have her. They have a Doctor who can save her, if she's able to be saved. He knows how to get to her.Later, Daryl and Noah find a truck and drive away from the hospital to get Rick and company to help save Carol and Beth.
