The Governor punches Milton in the face over and over. Turns out Milton burned the walkers that were going to be used to assault the prison. Plus, Milton knew Andrea was going to flee and didn't say anything. "What would your daughter think?" Milton asks. Growls the Governor: "She'd be afraid of me ... but if I'd been like this from the start, she'd be alive today."The Governor then drags Milton to Andrea, who is tied to a chair. The Governor hands Milton a knife and demands he kill Andrea. Instead, Milton tries to stab the Governor, who wrestles the knife from his former first mate and drives it into his gut, several times. The Governor then closes the door to the cell, leaving Milton behind to turn into a walker and tear Andrea to pieces. He says "In this world, you either kill or die or you die and kill"At the prison, the survivors are packing up all their meager belongings and putting them into cars (Daryl, of course, packs up his motorcycle). Rick sees Lori on the wall again. Later, Michonne thanks Rick for taking her in -- and not giving her up to the Governor. "It was Carl who made the call," Rick explains. "He said you belong here. You're one of us." Meanwhile, the citizens of Woodbury are packing up, too -- but for an impending assault on the prison. Tyreese and Sascha decide to stay behind to protect Woodbury's children. They'll kill walkers, but not other people. The Governor is not pleased, but manages to mutter a very strained "thank you." No time for this now.The Governor's forces roll up to the prison with guns blazing. They take out all surrounding walkers and break into cell block C to find it empty. The Governor seethes. Back at Woodbury, a dying Milton tells Andrea that there is a pair of pliers on the floor behind her. Andrea struggles to reach the tool with her feet. "When you get free, you are going to find something very sharp and you are going to stab me in the head," Milton gasps. "That is what you are going to do."Back at the prison, the Governor and his forces search the prison. Soon, they are assaulted by smoke bombs. The alarm goes off and walkers appear. It's chaos. The men rush outside into the prison yard. Above, Maggie and Glenn -- in full riot gear -- open fire. The Governor and his surviving army jump into their vehicles and drive away in full retreat. In the nearby woods, Carl, Hershel and Beth watch and wait with Judith. One of the Governor's army -- just a boy -- wanders toward them and offers to surrender his weapon. Carl, angry at not being allowed to fight, shoots the boy dead. Hershel is shocked.Later, Hershel tells Rick that Carl essentially shot an unarmed boy. "I'm telling you he gunned that kid down," Hershel says. Rick doesn't want to believe it. The Governor's caravan stops a few miles down the road. The Governor demands they go back to the prison and dig in. The majority of the Woodbury residents refuse. "That was a slaughter!" Karen screams. The Governor snaps. He opens fire on his own people, murdering more than a dozen, including Alan. Martinez backs away in horror, but still doesn't try to stop his boss.Rick asks Carl if the dead boy was handing over his weapon. "I couldn't take the chance," says Carl, who points out that he failed to save dale, Rick failed to protect Lori and then didn't kill the Governor when he had the chance, leading to more deaths. "I did what I had to do," Carl says. Rick is taken aback, but he can hardly argue. Andrea manages to pick up the pliers with her feet just as Milton begins to turn into a walker. She screams and manages to get free, but Milton is almost on top of her. Back at the prison, Rick, Michonne and Daryl head out to pursue the Governor's forces. They find the massacre in the road ... along with a single survivor, Karen.Meanwhile, Rick, Michonne, Daryl, and Karen approach Woodbury. They exchange fire with Tyreese and Sascha before Karen identifies herself and explains that the Governor killed all of Woodbury's small army. Tyreese opens the doors and lets Rick and company inside. Rick explains that Andrea never showed up at the prison. "She may be here," Rick says.The group heads to the room where Glenn and Maggie were kept prisoner -- and find Andrea on the floor. She is alive, but badly bitten. She asks if the rest of Rick's group is alive and is happy to hear that they are. "I can do it myself," says Andrea, knowing this is the end. "I have to ... while I still can." Michonne cries as Rick hands Andrea his gun. "I tried," Andrea says. Rick closes the door, leaving Andrea alone with her friend Michonne. There is a single gunshot.Sometime later, Rick and company return to the prison with all the remaining citizens of Woodbury -- women, children, and older men. Rick looks up to where he last saw Lori, but his dead wife appears to be gone for good. We see the cross over her grave.
