FLASHBACK. Bob stumbles through the woods not unlike a walker, stopping every so often to drink cough medicine and numb the pain. Eventually, he is found by Daryl and Glenn -- ask the usual questions. Bob says he killed one human because he was asked to. "Do you have any questions for us?" Daryl asks. Says Bob: "It doesn't matter who you are." Bob jumps in Glenn's truck to join the prison crew.PRESENT DAY. Bob now stands back-to-back to Maggie and Sascha in a deep mist in the woods. The group hears walkers growling and snarling. One by one, the walkers wander in from the fog -- and one by one they are stabbed and killed. At the end, Bob has what appears to be a bite mark on his arm. "It's OK," Bob laughs. "He got me right on the bandage." So he wasn't bit, apparently. Sascha laughs.Elsewhere, Daryl is teaching Beth how to track ... and to wield his signature bow gun. Unfortunately, she steps in a bear trap and is nearly bitten before Daryl steps in and saves the young woman (again). Now she is limping. Slowing them down. They come upon a graveyard. One of the headstones reads: "Beloved Father." Beth becomes sad, thinking of Hershel. Beth and Daryl proceed to the funeral home -- which is still very clean and neat. Someone's been tending to it, Daryl notes.Maggie, Sascha and Bob come across a sign for "Sanctuary ... those that arrive survive." Says Bob: "Others from the prison could be there." Maggie wants to see if Glenn is there. Sascha is the only dissenter, but she is outvoted. They will go to this "Sanctuary," though it is some distance away. Later, when Sascha and Bob are alone, the former pleads with the latter to consider holing up in the next town.Daryl and Beth find food in the pantry of the funeral home. No dust -- meaning the cache of peanut butter, pig's feet and diet cola probably belongs to someone. Daryl decides to only take a little bit of food, a decision that reaffirms Beth's suspicion that Daryl is a good guy. Later, Daryl lies down in a fully furnished coffin -- the most comfortable bed he's had in months, he says -- while Beth plays a piano and sings.Sasha wakes up the next morning and finds Bob staring at something in the dirt. It's a message written by Maggie, reading: "Don't risk your lives 4 me." Maggie is gone, off to find Sanctuary all by herself. Bob insists that they follow her tracks. And they do. Hours later, they find a message written in blood on the side of a transformer: "Glenn go to Terminus. Maggie." A disemboweled walker lies dead again nearby.Back at the funeral home, Daryl and Beth are about to sit down to eat. They are startled by a mangy dog who runs away the moment he sees the pair. Later that night, Daryl is eating peanut butter and floats the idea that they might stay at the funeral home and see if they can make it there. "So you do think there's good people still out there?" Beth says teasingly. "What changed your mind?" Clearly, Daryl's mind was changed by Beth. Daryl then hears the dog from earlier. It yelps.Daryl goes to the front door and opens it. Walkers burst inside. Daryl and Beth are soon separated. Daryl finds himself in the corpse room, swarmed by living corpses. He somehow manages to fight his way out unscathed, but can't find Beth. He then spots a car as it takes off speeding down the road. "Beth!" Daryl screams. "Beth!" The car does not slow. Nor does the driver appear to see/hear Daryl. Daryl walks through the night in the direction of the car. Eventually, he collapses from exhaustion at a fork in the road. There is no way to know where Beth went.Sascha and Bob continue to walk together. They come a town and Sascha insists on stopping. Bob will not. He insists on helping Maggie. "I'm going to try something here," Bob says. He then leans in and kisses Sascha. "You don't have to be alone again," she tells Bob. But Bob just smiles sadly -- and keeps walking. His choice. Later, Sascha finds the top floor of building fro which to hide out. She looks out of the window and sees Maggie lying motionless with other dead bodies, hiding from walkers. But Sascha's sudden movement dislodges the loose window frame and crashes to the ground, alerting nearby walkers. Maggie sits upright while Sascha runs as fast as she can down the steps and onto the street to try to help her friend.Some stabbings and beheadings later, Maggie and Sascha are safe. "Where's Bob?" Maggie asks. Says Sascha: "Out looking for you." Maggie then explains that she was waiting for Bob and Sascha in the town because she can't find Glenn and the others alone. "So let's go get Bob and let's get there," Sascha says. Maggie smiles. Elsewhere, a group of heavily armed men come upon Daryl sleeping in the road. Daryl leaps up and disarms the leader, an older man. "A bow man?" laughs the older man. "I respect that." The man introduces himself as Joe, telling Darryl that he should lower his weapon or be shot dead. "Why hurt yourself when you can hurt other people?" Joe asks with a smirk. Daryl lowers his weapon.This is the same gang that took over Rick's house while he was sleeping in "Claimed". Elsewhere, Maggie and Sascha catch up with Bob. They all embrace, then keep walking. Again elsewhere, Glenn comes across the sign for Terminus.
