The episode opens with Sasha unable to sleep. She stares at the family photos in her new home. The next day she grabs a gun and goes out shooting. She sets up those photos as targets and destroys them all.Rick, Carol and Daryl meet in secret outside the walls. They discuss the lack of security at the home where the city's large weapons cache is being held. They want to steal a few guns in case they need them down the road. After killing several walkers they notice what appears to be the letter 'W' on their foreheads.Rick and Michonne talk about what it means that outsiders have been handed the authority of "constable." They wonder if perhaps Deanna has something up her sleeve.After Daryl spots Aaron walking nearby, the two end up hunting together.Later Deanna tells Rick and Michonne that as the city grows it will need a police force. She wants them to help start it. Rick expresses concerns about Alexandria's lack of security. Deanna won't allow people to be armed inside the walls, but agrees to start using the clock tower for regular observation. Deanna says she'll let Sasha have the post, but only if she attends a reception she's hosting that night in honor of the new arrivals.Rick and Carol plan that she should slip out of Deanna's during the event and go to the armory.While on the hunt Daryl and Aaron spot a horse. Aaron has been trying to catch the animal for months. Daryl very nearly gets a lead over the horse's neck before being interrupted by walkers.While getting ingredients for the cookies she's making for the party Carol unlocks the window near the guns.Still out on the hunt, Aaron suggests Daryl should go to Deanna's party to let people get to know him. He's not interested.Deanna's party begins. Rick is introduced to Reg, Deanna's husband. He's impressed with the way Rick has been able to lead his group. People gradually start to show up and Rick is very aware when Jesse and her family arrive.The horse ends up trapped in a pen with a group of walkers. Daryl and Aaron kill several of them but are unable to save the animal. Aaron is emotional at its passing and this doesn't escape Daryl's notice. Daryl passes on the party, but Aaron invites him for dinner at his place.Jessie introduces Rick to her doctor husband Pete. He doesn't seem to be the nicest of guys. Jessie lays out for Rick her rather optimistic philosophy of what has happened. She points out that while everybody suffered, "we got something back." Rick meets Jessie's younger son, Sam. He stamps the back of Rick's hand with an 'A' that look remarkably like the 'W' stamps on the walkers.Sasha introduces herself to Deanna's son Spencer. He attempts friendly small talk but she abruptly walks away.After dinner Aaron shows Daryl his garage. The previous owner was a motorcycle enthusiast. There is a bike and dozens of parts. Aaron knows Daryl used to ride and says he'll need a bike, as he thinks Daryl should take over as one of Alexandria's recruiters. He thinks Daryl, unlike Rick, "knows the difference between a good person and a bad person."While getting guns at the armory Carol is surprised by Sam, who followed her from the party in the hopes she was getting more cookies. When he mentions that he tells his mother everything, Carol very calmly threatens that if mentions what he saw to Jessie she'll take him from his bed one night and leave him outside the walls for the walkers.Rick and Jessie continue to talk. A connection is growing, and when she hands Judith back to him Rick kisses him on the cheek.Deanna tries to get Sasha to join in the conversation. Once again a resident makes innocent small talk and Sasha can't handle it. She is upset at the mundane nature of the people's worries and walks out. The next morning Sasha tells Deanna that the town "isn't real." Deanna tells her "that's BS."At their next covert meeting Carol hands out guns to Rick and Daryl. Daryl passes on taking one, saying he's going to try and be part of the new group.Michonne ceremoniously hangs her sword on the wall above her fireplace.Rick sees Jessie and her husband walking home and briefly touches the gun in his waistband. The episode ends with Rick hearing a walker outside the wall near his house. He walks up and places his hand on the wall.
