With unfamiliar survivors watching from the opposite side of a metal grate inside the prison, our familiar survivors attempt to secure Hershel, whose leg was recently hacked off after being bitten. SWAT zombies burst into the room only to be stabbed in the neck by T-Dog. Daryl then trains his crossbow on the human strangers and the gang backs out of the room and into the dark prison hallways. They make it back to their cellblock and put Hershel on a bed. He is bleeding -- badly. Meanwhile, Daryl watches the door to the cellblock and is soon greeted by the other survivors -- all dressed in prison garb."Today's your lucky day, fellas," quips Daryl, aiming his crossbow. "You've been pardoned by the state of Georgia. You're free to go." Naturally, an argument ensues. The prisoners don't like taking orders. Rick enters the room and encourages calm. It turns out that the prisoners had been locked in the cafeteria for 10 months ... and don't have any idea what's happening outside. "There's no hospitals, police -- it's all gone," Rick explains. "No phones. No computers. Far as we can see at least half the population has been wiped out." Considering the circumstances, the prisoners take the news rather well."This is our prison, we were here first," says the inmate leader. Rick then negotiates a deal: if the prisoners give up half of the food in the cafeteria, then Rick and company will help clear out another cellblock for the inmates. But if the inmates ever leave their new cellblock ... "I'll kill you," Rick promises. Sensing Rick is not at all bluffing, the inmate leader agrees to the terms. Back inside, Carol and Lori tend to Hershel, who has lost consciousness. Carol reminds Lori that she'll have to deliver a baby in these conditions. Lori hardly needs a reminder. One gets the feeling it's all she thinks about these days. Glenn comforts Maggie, who fears that her father will die ... and then wake up.Maggie then visits her little sister, Beth. "I don't want you to get your hopes too high," warns Maggie, who says that, without Hershel, there is no doctor in the group. Rick returns with a few boxes of nonperishable cafeteria food. He has a heart-to-heart with Lori, who says she understands if Rick kills the gang of inmates. Rick scoffs -- he has heard Lori go back on such words before. "You're not a killer -- I know that," says Lori, who admits that she isn't going to win any wife or mother of the year awards. "You do whatever you got to do to keep this group safe." Rick nods. He no doubt will.Rick, Daryl, T-Dog, and the inmates then make their plan for clearing out the cellblock. They will stay in a tight circle. They will aim for the heads of the walkers. Maggie, in the meantime, cries over Hershel, who has been handcuffed to the bed -- just in case he turns. She tells her dad that she will be OK without him if he has to go. "Thank you," she whispers before kissing Hershel gently on the cheek. Rick and company then head inside the adjoining cellblock, which is almost pitch black. Soon, walkers stumble into sight. The inmates immediately break the circle and rush the walkers, attacking viciously. They beat the walkers in the chest and arms and legs. Rick shakes his head. Rookies.Carl then returns with a huge bag of medicine. He explains that he went to the infirmary all by himself, killing two walkers in the process. Lori is furious -- and tells Carl he can't go off alone anymore. He yells at Lori, prompting Beth to tell Carl he can't talk to his mother that way. Carl, who has a crush on Beth, is stung by her sharp words and runs away. One of the inmates, meanwhile, reveals that he was scratched by a walker. The group argues over what to do -- quarantine him? leave him alone? -- when the lead inmate suddenly bashes in his cellmate's skull. Problem solved. Rick eyes the leader, who is clearly a killer himself. Elsewhere, Carol and Glenn then head outside. Why? Because Carol is worried that Lori will give birth -- probably requiring a c-section -- and Hershel is down. Meaning: Carol will have to perform the delivery, but she doesn't have the skills. So Carol wants to kill a few walkers, drag them inside, and then practice cutting open their bellies.Rick and company then open a pair of doors to reveal dozens of walkers. In the melee, the prison leader shoves a walker at Rick. Rick is knocked over and saved at the last second by Daryl. Moments later, all the walkers are dead -- and Rick confronts the leader, who claims it was an accident. It clearly wasn't an accident and Rick is taking no chances. He buries a machete in the leader's head. The youngest inmate then takes off running into the new cellblock and Rick follows. The young inmate runs into a fenced off yard filled with walkers -- and Rick closes the door behind him. "You better run," Rick says. The prisoner does just that ... and is quickly overtaken by walkers.Meanwhile, Daryl and T-Dog keep their guns trained on the remaining inmates: Oscar and Axel. Axel cries and pleads for his life. Oscar, on the other hand, refuses to beg. "You do what you gotta do," he tells Rick. Rick decides to let them go into the cellblock. "From now on, this part of the prison is yours," he tells Axel and Oscar. So the pair are left alone in their new home to fend for themselves. Rick and company return to their cellblock to find that Hershel had briefly stopped breathing and was brought back to life by Lori. Hershel then opens his eyes and smiles at his daughters. Looks like the old man might be OK, after all. Later, Carol performs practice surgery on a dead female walker. An unseen individual watches the grisly scene from the brush some yards away.Rick and Lori then have another heart-to-heart. "For the record, I don't think you're a bad mother," he says. Lori tries to talk about their relationship, but Rick only thanks her for saving Hershel. Rick puts his hand on his wife's shoulder -- tentatively. "I'm grateful for what you did," he says. Then he walks away, leaving Lori alone and fighting back tears.
