Terminus is in flames. Rick leads his group of survivors away from the carnage and back into the woods. Tyreese and Carol fill up their water bottles by a stream, and the big man explains that he will explain to the rest of the group that they must accept what Carol did back at the prison (the act that got her banished in the first place). As for what happened with the little girls ... well, Tyreese would rather forget it.Later, Rick tells Carol that he owes her "everything." She tries to deflect, but Rick won't allow it. "I sent you way to this, and now we're joining you," Rick says. "Will you have us?" Carol nods, and Rick gives his thanks. The next morning, the group -- now rather sizable -- walks through the woods. Sascha and Bob exchange kisses. Others laugh quietly. The somewhat festive is interrupted by screams -- human screams.Daryl charges ahead and dispatches two walkers attacking a middle-aged man wearing a priest's collar. After vomiting the priest, Gabriel, explains that he has no weapons. "The word of God is the only protection I need," he stammers. "Do you have any food?" The man is hungry ... but the group doesn't have much to offer him.Instead, Rick searches the man and asks his questions. The priest has killed no walkers and no people. "The Lord abhors violence," Gabriel explains. Gabriel then offers to take the survivors to his church, and they follow. Inside the church, the group finds nothing but scripture and references to wondering 40 days and nights. Outside the church there's a bus, however -- and it will take a day to fix, according to Abraham. It's a perfect time to sit still for a moment, and find much-needed food and ammo.Gabriel explains that he has scavenged all surrounding spots, except for one which is overrun by about a dozen walkers. Rick, Bob, Sascha, Michonne and a reluctant Gabriel will go. Rick then pulls aside Carl to explain that nobody trusts Gabriel and he might have friends lurking nearby. "He's hiding something," Rick says. Carl isn't so sure, but agrees to remain alert. Carol and Daryl, meanwhile, fetch more water. Carol doesn't want to talk about the last few weeks/months, and Daryl understands. "Let's start over," Daryl says. "You can." Carols nods, not entirely convinced. They find a car and Carol suggests leaving it put as backup in case things go south at the church.Rick, Gabriel, Sascha, Bob and Michonne arrive at the food bank in town, the only place Gabriel hasn't explored. Immediately, they hear the familiar snarling of walkers. A bunch of them have fallen through the floor and into the basement, which is filled with putrid rain water -- and, on high and dry shelves -- food stuffs. So the group heads downstairs and begins to stab and re-kill the undead menace. Gabriel panics, running and separating from the rest of the group. A rookie maneuver.Rick moves to save him, killing numerous walkers on the way. Another walker bursts from the water and pulls Bob under. Sascha manages to save her man, bashing the walker in its soaked and bloated face until it explodes. Later, the group wheels baskets of non-perishable food back to the church. Carl is waiting, and shows his dad knife scratches around a shuttered window. Carl also finds something carved on the church exterior: "You'll burn for this." What did Gabriel do, exactly?Later that night, the survivors feast on food-bank food. Abraham proposes a toast to "survivors," but then asks if that's all the group wants. Don't they want to head to Washington and restart the world with Eugene? "Come with us," Abraham says. "Save the world for that little one. Save it for yourselves. Save it for the people out there who got nothing left to do but survive." Rick says Judith's in, so he's in. They're all in.Bob, meanwhile, kisses Sascha. He then asks for one more ... and makes it last. Bob then walks out of the church by himself. At the same time, Tara admits to Maggie that she was at the prison at the Governor's side -- and that she didn't know he was a monster. Maggie hugs Tara. The past is the past. There is a chance to start over.Outside, Carol is checking the car they found earlier when Daryl emerges from the woods. "What are you doing?" he asks. Carol, who looks as if she was considering fleeing, says nothing. Suddenly, a car roars by. Daryl recognizes it. He bashes out the taillights of Carol's getaway car and hops inside -- readying himself for a chase. "Come on!" he yells to Carol. "They've got Beth!" The pair speed after the other speeding car.Outside the church, Bob is walking clumsily. He collapses against a tree and begins to cry. Suddenly, a hooded figure steps out and knocks him flat. It's none other than Gareth, who launches into a monologue about how he didn't want to eat people, it just evolved into that. "Now we've devolved into hunters," Gareth says. "Nothing happening to you now is personal." Bob then looks down to find his leg is missing from about the knee. Gareth takes a bite of a hunk of meat and smiles.Bob's leg cooks in the fire. A handful of Sanctuary survivors much on dinner, too.
