Tara rides in the back of Abraham's military style truck, keeping careful track of their route on her hand with a marker. Abraham eventually stops the truck to investigate a messy car wreck (the vehicles might still be operational) when three walkers approach. Tara watches as the big red-haired man violently dispatches all three ... with a smile on his face the whole time. Afterward, Tara points out that he was grinning while killing. "Well, I'm the luckiest man in the world," Abraham says with a smirk.Elsewhere in the land of almost domestic bliss, Michonne is serving Carl an improvised breakfast at the dinner table of a nice suburban home. They are laughing and having fun when the topic of Judith comes up. The laughing stops. Carl excuses himself. Later, Michonne asks a still-recovering Rick if this home is their HOME, or if it's only a temporary haven. Rick isn't sure. He needs some time. Michonne and Carl then go out on a supply run. Rick hands Carl his revolver. Rick then heads upstairs to bandage himself and lie down in a soft, clean bed.Michonne and Carl approach a boarded-up house. Michonne tries to cheer up the boy, but he doesn't crack a grin. Michonne then shares that she had a three-year-old son who found her to be very funny. Carl is interested to know more, but Michonne turns her attention to clearing the home. Meanwhile, Rick wakes up to hear loud, unfamiliar voices in the house. He hides under the bed and a man carrying a large rifle enters ... looks around ... and plops down on the bed above.Michonne and Rick case the house and the boy continues to pepper the woman with questions about her past life. Michonne, in surprisingly good spirits, makes a game of it, answering one question for every useful item that Carl finds in the house. She says her son's name was Andre. "I never told anyone until just now," Michonne says. Later, Michonne enters a room and discovers small, decaying bodies on a bed. In the corner sits another corpse with a bullet hole in its skull. The children died, likely by suicide, and then their mother took her own life. A tear rolls down Michonne's horrified cheek. She shuts the door to hide the horror from Carl but he suspects. "My dad let me name her," says Carl, referencing his infant sister.Rick is still hiding under the bed when a second stranger enters the bedroom and declares he wants the bed. A fight ensues. One gets the advantage over the other and a body falls to the floor in the midst of being strangled. The man being strangled eyes go even wider when he spies Rick. Then the man passes out from the choke hold. The winner plops down on the bed above, sighing loudly. For Rick, still under the bed, nothing has changed -- except that he now knows the strangers in the house will use force to take what they want.Glenn wakes up and discovers that he is in the back of a military truck with Tara. She explains that, about three hours ago, they passed the bus ... and there were no survivors. Glenn begins to bang on the window of the cab, demanding that Abraham, the driver, stop the truck. He does and discovers that Glenn is hellbent on returning to the bus to investigate. Abraham introduces himself as well as his friends -- Rosita and Eugene -- before explaining that the group is on a mission to get one of them to Washington D.C. "Eugene is a scientist and he knows exactly what caused this mess," says Abraham, noting that Glenn won't last the night on his own anyway. "We could use your help." Glenn is torn. He thinks for a moment before striking Abraham in the face. "She's alive," Glenn seethes.A fight breaks out between Glenn and Abraham. As they tussle, Eugene notices walkers -- dozens of them -- emerging from the cornfields. He fires his weapon wildly, hitting the side of the truck, until Abraham, Rosita, Tara and Glenn team up and open fire, too. Moments later, all the walkers are dead but Eugene -- clearly not a practiced killer -- has accidentally pierced the gas tank with gunfire. It is now leaking gas. It's no good anymore.Rick, in the meantime, slowly emerges from under the bed as the killer sleeps (and snores) on the mattress. Rick backs into an adjacent room to hide. He overhears the men downstairs talking about finding a woman's shirt. They argue who is going to "get" the woman (Michonne) first when/if she returns. Rick then wanders into the bedroom, where he surprises one of the survivors on the toilet. Rick jumps the man and silently strangles him to death. Rick then takes the man's gun and climbs out of the window onto the second-story roof. He drops into the backyard, gun ready.Abraham's truck is indeed toast. Glenn makes it clear that he's heading back the way they came. Tara joins him and, after a moment, so does Rosita. A crowd is always safer and they're not getting to Washington D.C. anytime soon. Even Eugene begins to follow Glenn, explaining to a dumbfounded Abraham that they'll find another truck and go to D.C. at that point. "Trust me," Eugene says to Abraham. "I'm smarter than you." And so they all follow Glenn, a new alliance formed.Rick peeks from his hiding spot at the front porch of the house and sees Michonne and Carl approaching. A survivor sits on the porch eating and whistling. Rick is about to make his move on the man before his friend and son are spotted when there is a loud noise and bang from inside the house as the man Rick killed reanimates. The survivor runs inside and Rick runs for the road, motioning for Michonne and Carl to head fast in the opposite direction of the front porch. It's time to move on, after all.Later, Rick, Michonne and Carl run across a train car with a sign on the side. It reads: "Sanctuary for all. Community for all. Those who arrive survive." Asks Michonne: "What do you think?" Responds Rick: "Let's go. Let's go."
