Eugene "entertains" Tara with a theory that the current undead plague might've taken out the dinosaurs. He also talks incessantly about video games. One wonders if he really is the key to saving humanity. Later that night, Abraham sits with Tara and suggests that she might have complicated feelings for Glenn. Tara alludes to the fact that she is helping Glenn because of something in her past, something she did. "We've both got our reasons," she says. "We both have our missions."The next day, the group comes upon a sign written in blood. "Glenn, go to Terminus. Maggie." Glenn breaks out into a run, smiling. Elsewhere, Rick, Carl and Michonne walk along the railroad tracks. Carl and Michonne continue to joke around, bringing a rare smile to Rick's face. Daryl, meanwhile, hunts for a rabbit when one of the marauders he's traveling with fires first, claiming the meat for his own. When Daryl refuses, Len begins to tease Daryl about losing a woman. The remark hits too close and Daryl pulls his knife when Joe intervenes. Joe cuts the rabbit in half, explaining that they all must play by the "rules" in order to survive.This not bode well for Daryl. Or Len.Tara injures her leg in a run-in with some walkers, but Glenn wants to push forward. Rosita comes to her defense, noting Tara will do anything that Glenn says. Glenn negotiates a deal: the group continues walking until sundown, at which point Glenn will give Eugene his walking gear before going off on his own. Abraham agrees. Unfortunately, they soon come to train tunnel. Going around will take a day. Naturally, Glenn refuses to wait so Abraham declares that they'll part ways now. It's simply too dangerous to Eugene -- to them all. Glenn and Tara head into the tunnel.Daryl and his new gang find an abandoned warehouse full of cars. All the gas is gone -- someone beat them to it -- but it does provide a good place to rest. The gang all "claim" cars in which to sleep before Daryl can, leaving him to recline on the ground. He doesn't seem to mind. In the tunnel, Glenn and Tara come across dozens of walkers trapped in what appears to be a minor cave-in. They do some stabbing and then climb over the bodies, revealing dozens and dozens more.Glenn and Tara take to the high ground on top of a rock pile. "We have to find another way," Tara says. Even Glenn finds it difficult to argue with that one. So they try to slip around the walkers, sneaking down the side of the rock pile. Unfortunately, Tara slips and gets her leg wedged in some rocks. Outside, Eugene, Abraham and Rosita discover a working car. Eugene convinces Rosita to let him navigate. With Abraham asleep in the back seat, Eugene and Rosita drive until the he demands that she stop ... right at the mouth of the tunnel exit. Eugene has calculated that, if Glenn and Tara traveled at around 3 MPH, they would either nearby or just about to emerge from the tunnel. Rosita explains that the priority is getting Eugene to Washington, not waiting for Glenn and Tara. "After the I save the world, I still have to live with myself," Eugene says.In the warehouse, Len discovers his half of rabbit is missing and accuses Daryl. "You take his rabbit, Daryl?" Joe asks. "Tell me the truth." Joe empties Daryl's bag and, sure enough, there is the rabbit. Daryl accuses Len of planting the rabbit. Joe seems unsure -- and then punches Len in the face. "I saw him do it," Joe says with a shrug. As punishment for breaking one of the cardinal rules, the group starts to beat Len with a brutal series of punches and kicks. It continues and continues.In the tunnel, Glenn refuses to leave Tara. They are about to be devoured when suddenly car lights appear. Then, a volley of gunfire cuts down all the walkers. One of the gunmen is none other than Maggie. She hugs, cries and kisses Glenn. Glenn hugs, cries and kisses back. Later, it is revealed that Maggie is with Rosita, Abraham and Eugene. Bob and Sascha are there, too. Glenn then covers for Tara, hiding the fact that she was once side-by-side with the Governor. The entire group agrees to go to Terminus to see if their loved ones are there/look for supplies. After that, Abraham, Eugene, Rosita and whomever else will continue on to Washington.The next morning, Daryl exits the warehouse to find a badly beaten Len in the dirt with an arrow in his eye. He continues with Joe and the group to Terminus.Speaking of, Glenn and Maggie's group come upon a large building at the end of the railroad tracks. Terminus. Outside are plants growing in well-kept gardens. Inside, a middle-aged woman named Mary greets them with a smile. "Let's get you settled ... Welcome to Terminus."
