Rick begins his morning at the prison with a cool splash of water on his face followed with some work in the group's burgeoning garden. Meanwhile, walkers roar in blind hunger on the other side of the high, chain fence. Another day in paradise.Later, Rick and his son Carl look over a pig that the younger Grimes calls Violet. "I told you not to name them," Rick says. "They're not piglets anymore; they're food." The survivors have apparently become quite industrious in the past few months -- even bringing in additional survivors (who, rather comically, have come to love and respect Daryl as a provider of food, especially fresh meat). Not all is hunky dory, however. More walkers than usual are massing outside the prison as of late.Outside, Karen is on fence duty -- i.e. spearing walkers through the brain with a long pointy stick to cut down the undead numbers. She is approached by Tyreese, who explains that he is volunteering to go "on a run" because he prefers killing walkers in the field and not so up close and personal as the fence method. The two then share a romantic kiss. Newcomer Bob Stookey, a former military medic, also volunteers for the next food/supply run, but Sascha is suspicious. "I want to make sure you know how to play on a team," she says before agreeing to include him.Michonne then rides through the gates of the prison bearing gifts, including comics for Carl. "You going to stay awhile?" Rick asks. Michonne implies that she might before commenting: "I didn't find him." Later, Hershel approaches Rick with news from the new prison "council" made up of familiar faces like Glenn, Carol, etc. They want Rick to start carrying his gun again, especially when going outside the gates to retrieve game caught in their traps. Rick reluctantly agrees.While collecting small animals from the survivors' traps, Rick hears a female voice. "Please!" the woman, who looks halfway between human and walker, says. The woman claims to be starving -- and that she has a husband somewhere nearby. She begs to be brought back to Rick's camp. He explains that she and her husband can come in to be questioned. "Three questions," he says. "That's it."Daryl and his team, meanwhile, are scouting the parking lot of a big box store. It briefly served as an Army shelter for survivors, but no more. Young Zach takes the opportunity to try and guess -- again, apparently -- what Daryl did for a living before the turn. "Homicide cop," the young man says. Michonne bursts out laughing. That IS funny. Play time is soon over, though. Time to head inside to gather supplies.Inside, Bob walks through the liquor aisle shaking his head. But the compulsion is seemingly too strong and reaches for a bottle ... and succeeds in knocking over the entire shelf. It falls to the floor, pinning Bob's foot. No one panics, but that's because they don't know about the dozens of walkers on the store's roof. Those walkers hear the crash of the bottles and take an interest. A wrecked helicopter on the roof has also weakened the concrete considerably. Uh oh.Sure enough, walkers begin falling through the ceiling. Bob screams.Meanwhile, Rick walks through the woods with the mystery woman, who speaks in a foreign accent and explains that she was traveling when the world all but ended. She's had to do some terrible things. "Do you think you get to come back from them?" she asks. Funny she should ask. Rick doesn't go out of his way to answer.Back inside the walker-infested superstore, Glenn, Tyreese, Michonne and others shoot, stick, stab and beat walkers. While helping to free and save Bob, young Zach is bitten on the leg ... and then the neck. He is a goner. The group flees just as the military helicopter crashes through the roof into the middle of the store.Rick and the mystery woman finally reach her camp -- and it quickly becomes clear that the husband is a walker and Rick is intended to be food. When the woman attacks Rick with a knife, he deftly disarms her and aims his pistol. Instead, she stabs herself, wanting to become a walker, too. As she lie dying, she asks about the three questions. What are they? "How many walkers have you killed ... how many people have you killed ... why?' Rick answers. The mystery woman dies. Rick leaves her and her husband where they lie and heads back to the prison.Back at the prison, Carl sneaks in on story time for the kids. He's too proud and ashamed to flat out join the session, which is just "for kids." Carol leads the story and then stops abruptly, revealing a box of giant knives. She explains that, today, they're all going to learn how to hold and use a knife safely. Carol then spots Carl. "Please, don't tell your father," she says. Story time is just a cover for training. Later, Rick returns to find that Violet has died. He bows his head, on the verge of tears.Inside, Maggie tells Glenn that she is NOT pregnant. He is greatly relieved, though she says that she would've had the baby. "How can you say that after Lori?" Glenn asks. Maggie says that she does not want to be scared of being alive. Daryl then breaks the news of Zach's death to Beth, who was having a mini romance with the boy. She takes the news surprisingly well -- almost cold. "I don't cry anymore, Daryl," she says. "I'm just glad I got to know him." They hug.It's nighttime and everyone is sleeping, or trying to. Patrick, a young man about Carl's age, stumbles out of bed. He is sweating profusely. He stumbles into a shower and collapses. Some time later, his eyes open. They are dead. He is a walker now.
