Daryl and Beth race through the woods with a horde of zombies shuffling toward them from all directions. Eventually, they collapse in a field and look up to see buzzards circling. Death from all sides ... and above. Later, the unlikely pair, having escaped danger once again, sit around a campfire. Daryl seems defeated while Beth urges him to get up and start tracking. Finally, the two decide to track together.They find what appear to be footprints, four or five hours old. Looks like the owners left in a hurry, too -- likely there was an attack. "Wouldn't hurt you to have a little faith," Beth says. Daryl notes that faith hasn't done them much good, most recently Hershel. Sure enough, a walker leaps out of the woods and goes after Beth. Daryl, who can't get a clear shot, tackles the undead attacker. Beth stabs the creature in the forehead, killing it. Later, Daryl uses his bow to take out a group of walkers munching on what's left of the folks who left behind the tracks they were following.Beth breaks down and cries. Daryl turns and walks away. Elsewhere, Lizzie and Mike are with Tyreese. The big man turns ... and reveals that he is holding Judith. That night, they all camp in the woods and Judith cries. "They're going to hear her!" Mika says. Tyreese gives Judith a bottle recently warmed over the fire. The group hears shuffling in the woods, and gets up and keeps moving. The next morning, Tyreese stops to change Judith and a flock of birds bursts from the bush. Mika goes running into the woods. The others follow, and eventually catch up with the girl.Mika apologizes for not being brave like her older sister. Tyreese tries to comfort the little girl ... then hears noises from deeper in the woods. So Tyreese tells the girls to stand back to back and hands them Judith. "You can handle this, you're tough," the big man says. Then he heads toward the noise ... and finds walkers attacking a group of humans. Lifting his hammer, Tyreese changes in to help. Back in the woods, Judith is crying louder than ever. Lizzie covers the little girl's mouth, cutting off the noise ... but also her breath. Of course, walkers emerge and begin shambling toward the little ones. Lizzie concentrates on Judith, appearing to even take some pleasure in silencing the baby. So Mika raises her gun and fires. Tyreese, meanwhile, is fighting with walkers and the humans he tries to defend get bitten. He startles when he hears Mika's shot -- and soon after the girls arrive with Judith and another familiar face. It's Carol. She has saved the children once again.The survivor Tyreese failed to protect lies dying on the ground. "There's a place up the tracks ... it's safe; you can take the children there," the man says. So Tyreese, Carol and the three girls follow the tracks, eventually coming to a sign: "Sanctuary for all. Community for all. Those who arrive survive." It's called Terminus. Elsewhere, Maggie, Sascha and Bob sit by a small stream and tend to their collective wounds. Maggie immediately starts talking about going to find Glenn. "We can not split up," Sascha pleads. "Not now." So they don't. Sascha and Bob follow Maggie down a nearby road. They eventually spot the bus abandoned in the middle of the road. Well, not completely abandoned. It's now crawling with walkers. They decide to let the walkers out one at a time to see if Glenn or the others have been turned. Sascha opens the door a crack and a not-Glenn walker tumbles out. They stab it in the head. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. Then give spill out. And are killed. Bodies litter the ground. "They were good people," Bob says. "All of them." Maggie heads into the bus and a walker with dark hair like Glenn's attacks. Maggie stabs it in the brain and then collapses, weeping. Did she just kill her husband? Turns out no. Glenn awakens on the rooftop of the prison. Below are dozens and dozens of undead. "Maggie?!" Glenn screams. No Maggie. Only hungry death. Glenn turns and heads back into the dark prison, assault weapon at the ready. He returns to a cell to find body armor and a picture of Maggie. He hugs the photo, crying.Glenn then gets serious, going through the prison and methodically picking up supplies. He emerges in full SWAT armor with a heavy backpack and bullies his way through the walker horde outside. He finds Tara sitting behind a fence. She hasn't fired a shot and looks ready to die. "I was part of this," says Tara, referencing her unfortunate alliance with the Governor. Glenn doesn't care. He urges the woman to take up arms and follow him out. She nods gratefully and they flee to a nearby road.On the road, Tara reveals that the Governor killed "an old man." "Hershel?" a shocked Glenn asks. Yes, the same. Glenn is devastated, but is motivated to find Maggie. "She got out so you're going to help me find her," Glenn tells Tara. Just then, half dozen walkers round the bend and head for the pair of survivors. Together, Glenn and Tara take them out, but it's too much for our hero. He collapses in exhaustion. Tara turns to dispatch one last walker when she notices a military style truck has appeared. Three survivors, also military like with huge weapons, approach her. "Hope you enjoyed the show, assholes!" Tara yells."You got a damn mouth on you, you know that?" the biggest man with the biggest gun says with a smirk. "What else you got?"
