It's morning at Hershel's farm and, as the survivors go about their chores, Patricia sneaks into the chicken coop, breaks a chicken's legs, and then takes it toward the big barn. Once inside, she dumps an entire bag of incapacitateded chickens to the hungry zombies below. Glenn, who knows about Hershel's secret, is watching the barn through binoculars when Maggie approaches. "You have to keep this to yourself," she says. "Please." He agrees.Later, Andrea brings a book to wounded Daryl -- and apologizes for accidentally shooting him. "You were protecting the group -- we're good," Daryl says. Later, Glenn approaches Lori to discuss yet another secret. "You have a medical condition," says Glenn in reference to her hush-hush pregnancy. "I'll make another run into town -- just tell me what you need." What Lori needs is for Glenn to keep his mouth shut. Familiar.Carl then asks Shane to teach him how to shoot. Shane, warming to the boy once again, agrees to ask Rick and Lori. Then Shane notices that Carl is carrying loaded handgun in his belt. A furious Lori hears from Dale how Carl asked to let inside the RV because he was looking for a walkie. "So on top of everything else, he lied?" Lori asks. Carl hangs his head. "He wants to learn how to shoot," says Shane, who volunteers to help. Rick is sympathetic to the request. Lori is decidedly not. "I want to look for Sophia, I want to defend our camp," Carl says. "I can't do that without a gun." Reluctantly, Lori agrees.Later, a nervous Glenn spills it all to Dale: "There are walkers in the barn and Lori's pregnant." So Dale approaches Hershel. "I took a long walk this morning and ended up by the barn," Dale says. "I heard the moans." Hershel defends himself. "A paranoid schizophrenic is dangerous, too," he says. "We don't shoot sick people. My wife and stepson are in that barn. They're people." Hershel then asks Dale to keep quiet if he really wants to help. "Rick's a man of conscience, but are you so sure about all the people in your group?" Hershel asks. Dale has no response to this question/challenge.Andrea is trying to shoot a piece of wood hanging from a tree limb. Shane shoves the wood, sending it swinging back and forth and creating a moving target. He begins to berate Andrea, trying to get her to concentrate and understand that she will need to shoot under pressure and emotional turmoil. "Pretend it's the walker that got Amy!" he barks. That's too much for Andrea, who recoils in horror and then walks away. Lori then approaches her husband with news she heard from Hershel: Rick plans to take the group away from the farm. Rick explains that he is trying to convince Hershel to let them stay, but it might take some time. He tells Lori to just give Hershel "some space."Shane, meanwhile, chases after an angry Andrea. He lamely apologizes and then mentions a lead on Sophia. Would Andrea like to be his backup? She agrees.Back at the farm, Lori doubles over in front of Dale. She is nauseous. Dale admits that he knows her secret. Lori admits that while the baby is almost certainly Rick's -- and not Shane's -- she can't bear the thought of bringing a newborn into this apocalyptic world. "Look me in the eye and tell me that my baby will grow up to be your age," Lori says. Alas, Dale cannot.Lori then goes straight to Glenn -- and apologizes for saddling him with her secret. Then she asks Glenn to head back into town to get her a few pregnancy related items. So Glenn and Maggie ride into town on horseback. She is angry because Glenn betrayed her trust to Dale. She is also angry that Glenn is sympathetic to keeping the zombies safe in case a cure is found -- especially considering that Maggie's mom is among the barn's walkers. Inside the pharmacy, Maggie and Glenn are searching for the proper meds when a zombie grabs through the stacks and attacks Maggie. Glenn shoves the walker away and then viciously beats in the skull over and over and over and over. A shaking Maggie embraces Glenn. This time, she was just fine with killing the undead.Later, Maggie storms back to the farm and throws a package of "abortion pills" at Lori, telling her to go get her own damn medicine the next time and stop putting Glenn in danger. Lori is so taken aback that -- for once -- she says nothing.Shane and Andrea are in a car in a suburban neighborhood in search of Sophia. They enter a house and see signs that the family which lived there barricaded themselves and made a fight of it. Almost immediately, they are attacked by a horde of walkers. In making their way back to their car to escape, Shane shoots a number of the zombies in the head while a flustered Andrea fumbles with her weapon. After a few errant shots, Andrea finds her groove, shooting zombie after zombie in the head.At the farm Lori apologizes to Glenn. Glenn then wonders if the morning-after pills will even work. He then hands Lori prenatal vitamins as second option. "I can't tell you what to do," Glenn says. "But your choice -- maybe you shouldn't make it alone."Andrea and Shane are riding in the car back to the farm. A smiling Andrea, excited by her new skill at arms, reaches over and grabs Shane's crotch. Shane stops the car. "Well, come on then," he says. It gets very physical. Later, the two new lovers return to the farm and break the bad news to Carol: no sign of Sophia. No dummy, Dale senses something different between Shane and Andrea.Surprisingly, this prompts Dale to suggest that Shane get out of town. Dale even suggests that the details of Otis's death are quite vague. "I know what kind of man you are," growls Dale, bringing up the time Shane trained his gun on Rick. Shane says he loves Rick -- then warns Dale that he should be careful when leveling accusations. Very careful. Dale gets the message -- and is quite scared. Shane just smiles... and walks away.Finally, Rick walks into his wife's tent and sees the pills. He approaches his wife. "Something you need to tell me?" Rick asks. Lori explains that she took the morning-after pills, but threw them up. Rick is furious. "I screwed up!" she weeps. "I don't know how we do this!" Says Rick: "We can make it work. We'll figure it out. Shouldn't we try to figure it out!?" Rick then says he can't live with the lies. "Is there anything else I should know about?" he asks. Responds Lori: "Shane and I" Rick says he knows. He has known all along -- and he understands. Lori thought her husband was dead.Lori and Rick, seemingly apart from one another, standing close in proximity, look out on their future at the farm.There seem to be no more secrets.
