Gareth and his friends munch on Bob's roasted leg. "It was going to be a choice, you join us or feed us," Gareth explains. The cannibal leader than starts to opine about how women taste better than men, especially pretty women like Sascha. Bob starts to cry ... and it turns into a laugh. "You idiot," Bob laughs. "I've been bitten you stupid prick! I'm tainted meat!" Bob pulls down his shirt to reveal a nasty walker bite.Outside the church, Sascha searches through the woods for Bob. She dispatches a few walkers before Tyreese and Rick show up to help. Later, they return to the church and Sascha demands to know why they're being watched. What did Gabriel do? Confession time for the priest. Gabriel admits that he locked the doors when his living congregation came looking for sanctuary. "It was my choice," Gabriel says. He locked the doors and windows ... and left women, children, entire families to the walkers. Gabriel breaks down and cries, saying the Lord sent Rick and crew to punish him.Suddenly, a noise outside. Bob is lying in the yard. Rick and crew bring him back inside. Bob explains that Gareth said Daryl and Carol drove off in a car. He then shows the group his walker bite. Sascha is devastated. Abraham then announces that the threat to Eugene is too great, and he is leaving for Washington D.C. Rick objects -- he's not leaving until Daryl and Carol return. Abraham says he's taking the recently fixed bus. Glenn steps in and gets Abraham to agree to 12 hours. That's it.Later, Rick proposes heading the nearby elementary school where Gareth and his gang feasted on Bob. Sascha volunteers to be part of the raiding/assassination squad. She then tells Tyreese that he is responsible for ending Bob's life when he starts to turn. Moments later, Rick, Sascha and others head to the elementary school.Gareth and goons, meanwhile, approach the church. They break through the doors and head inside. "Well, I guess you know we're here," Gareth announces as he approaches the altar. The survivors, Carl and Tyreese among them, hide in a back room. "Rick walked out -- along with a lot of your guns," Gareth notes. Suddenly, Judith begins to cry, giving away the good guys' position. Gareth and gang gather around the door to the back room when shots ring out. Rick enters from the back of the church!He fires, shooting off Gareth's fingers. The entire raiding crew returns, having been lying in wait. Gareth, on his knees, tries to justify his actions. "You do not know what it's like to be hungry!" the cannibal says. Responds Rick: "I already made you a promise." The sheriff then hacks Gareth to pieces using a big knife. Abraham and Michonne follow suit. Tyreese emerges from the back room and looks on in horror at the slaughter. No bullets wasted. "It could have been us," says Rick in justification. "This is the Lord's house," a shocked and shaken Gabriel says. Responds Maggie: "No, it's just four walls and a roof." The next morning, the survivors gather around Bob, who is getting weaker by the moment. Bob urges Rick not to lose his humanity in trying to keep everyone safe. "Just look at her and tell me the world's not going to change," says a smiling Bob while looking at Judith. Later, Sascha says goodbye to her man, who quietly dies. Before Sascha and stab him before he turns, Tyreese enters. "Give it here," the big man says. So a crying Sascha hands Tyreese her knife and leaves the room. Tyreese takes a few deep breaths and then stabs Bob in the brain. Goodbye, Bob.Abraham's 12 hours is then up. He, Rosita, Eugene, Maggie and Glenn leave on the fixed church bus as agreed -- but not before giving Rick a map of the route they plan to take to Washington D.C. Rick then helps Tyreese dig a grave for Bob. Later that night, Michonne sits on the front stoop of the church and examines the sword she has recovered from Gareth's dead crew when she hears a noise in the woods. It's Daryl. "Where's Carol?" Michonne asks. Daryl, looking grim, looks behind him and says, "Come on out."
