The episode begins with Maggie and Sasha bringing Aaron to the barn so he can make his pitch to the rest of the gang. He tells Rick he'd like them to "audition" for his camp, which (at least based on a grainy picture he has) looks to be an uber-secure facility. But while Aaron talks Rick walks over and knocks him unconscious. During Aaron's punch-induced nap they find a flare gun in his pack. When he comes to they ask how many of his people are watching. He says there is one, but Rick isn't buying it. Aaron says he's been watching them (he was responsible for the water) and thinks they are the kind of people his camp needs. He's got a vehicle nearby and wants to take them to the camp. Rick thinks it's all bogus, but Michonne and others want to check out his story. Rick doesn't fight it and Michonne leaves with a small team. If they don't return in an hour, Rick will kill Aaron and come looking for them.While Michonne's team walks down the road they discuss what they'll do if they come across somebody. We can see that at least one man is watching them. After making Aaron taste it first, Rick gives Judith applesauce that Aaron had in his pack. Michonne's team finds the vehicles that Aaron mentioned, a car and an RV. They return to the barn with canned goods they found on the RV. The group agrees it's worth the risk to go with Aaron. When Aaron won't tell them the camp's exact location, Rick suggests they take a different route and go at night. During the ride Michonne notices none of Aaron's pictures include any of the people in his camp. The lead car encounters a group of walkers on the road and gets separated from the RV. They see a flare in the sky and Aaron begins to panic, saying "this is over." He runs into the woods and Rick, Glenn and Michonne follow. The encounter dozens of walkers and are able to narrowly escape, in part due to Aaron's help. The four of them proceed on foot in the direction of the flare.The four of them reunite with the rest of the team, which is safe and sound. The man working with Aaron is named Eric, and we see he is Aaron's lover. He has a broken ankle. Aaron thanks the rest of the team for saving Eric and the plan is to leave in the morning. He tells them it is in Alexandria, Virginia. Halfway to the camp the RV breaks down briefly. While they change batteries Michonne tries to convince Rick that "the fight's over." She thinks he has to let it go. The group arrives at the doors of the camp. They get out of the vehicles and walk up to the doors.
