A walker stumbles through the woods only to be met by the swinging axe of Tyreese (Chad L. Coleman), who is leading his own group of ragtag survivors. They kill a number of walkers then approach the prison. One of their members has been bitten, but Tyreese allows the woman to follow them inside. At Woodbury, Andrea cuddles with the Governor. "Woodbury's starting to grow on you, eh?" he says. "Good." As soon as Andrea leaves, the Governor goes into his hideaway and opens a cage to tend to his walker daughter, who is chained by the neck.A bloodied and battered Glenn, meanwhile, tries to comfort Maggie after her assault at the wandering hands of the Governor. Thinking outside the box, Glenn tears the arm off a dead walker and removes its wrist bone. Now, the pair has a weapon. Outside, Michonne, Daryl, Rick, and Oscar (Vincent M. Ward) watch the heavily guarded walls. Michonne soon finds a way inside to a holding facility. A Woodbury resident wanders inside and Rick quickly binds and gags the man.At the prison, Axel (Lew Temple) makes nice with Beth (Emily Kinney) -- a little too nice for Carol's liking, who warns the inmate to leave the 17 year old alone. Axel apologies, and seems mighty interested to hear that Carol is not a lesbian as he had assumed because of her short hair. Back at Woodbury, Merle comes to fetch Glenn only to be met with a surprise. Maggie stabs a guard in the neck with the walker bone. The dying man fires his weapon, which gives Rick and crew the distraction they need to go outside.Maggie and Glenn are quickly subdued by extra guards. Their fates look grim when Daryl and Rick charge through the wall and take out the guards. Outside, the Governor tells his forces to shoot to kill. "Don't take any chances," he says. Rick's gang huddles inside a store front. Daryl learns that Merle is a lieutenant in the Governor's army. "Maybe I can talk to him and work something out!" Daryl tells Rick. Rick doesn't like that plan. "I need you!" he tells Daryl. Michonne has snuck away from the group and enters the Governor's apartment. She draws her sword, sits... and waits for his return.Rick and crew then head into the street, guns blazing. It's a full fledged firefight. Daryl and Rick jump out to lay down cover fire while the others head for the wall. Rick hallucinates that he sees Shane, but it turns out to be an anonymous Woodbury guard, who raises his weapon and fires. Rick returns fire, killing the guard...but not before the man mortally wounds Oscar. Maggie screams for Rick, then finishes Oscar off with a headshot before running for the wall. The gunfire continues as the survivors climb the wall and escape. Back at the prison, Carl hears screaming coming from inside the prison and takes a gun and flashlight to investigate. He comes across Tyreese's group battling walkers. Carl helps out with a few pinpoint head shots. "Come on!" Carl yells. "Hurry!" Tyreese's group follows Carl.Back at Woodbury, Michonne hears thumping coming from the behind a door in the Governor's apartment. She sees the wall of severed heads in their aquariums... and the Governor's little girl. When the girl attacks Michonne, she lifts her sword. "No!" screams the Governor, who has entered the apartment. "Don't hurt my little girl! Please!" he pleads, dropping his revolver. Michonne puts her sword through the girl's mouth. The Governor screams and attacks. A furious fight ensues, knocking the heads off the wall. Michonne grabs a shard of glass and stabs the Governor in his right eye.She is about to finish him off when Andrea enters, gun drawn. "What have you done?" Andrea asks. Michonne lowers her sword and slowly backs away and outside. The Governor cradles his little girl while Andrea stares at the remaining heads on the wall. At the prison, Carol leads Tyreese and crew to a safe room, where the bitten survivor dies. Carl then closes a gate, locking the new group inside. "You'll be safe -- you have food and water," Carl says. Asks Beth: "Shouldn't we help them?" Responds a very mature Carl: "I did."The Governor, Milton, Merle, and Andrea reconvene. "I was attacked," growls the Governor, who now wears a patch over his damaged eye. Rick and company are safe outside the gates -- and find a bloody Michonne. "Get what you came for?" Rick asks. The group then notices Daryl is missing. Later that night, the citizens of Woodbury gather in the arena. The Governor walks to the center of the ring and addresses the crowd. "I failed you," he says. "I promised to keep you safe. Hell, look at me... I'm afraid! I'm afraid of terrorists who want what we have! Worse, one of those terrorists is one of our own."The Governor then points at Merle. "He led them here!" the Governor tells the crowd. "He let them in! You betrayed us all!" Merle is escorted to the center of the arena along with a hooded figure. The man is unmasked, revealing Daryl. "Merle's own brother!" the Governor yells. The crowd screams for blood.
