Flashback: Lori confides in a female friend that she and Rick had a big fight the night before. "Do you still love Rick?" asks the friend. Lori clearly isn't entirely sure. Suddenly, Shane pulls up with bad news: Rick has been hurt. He is in surgery. Lori tries to keep herself together as the school bell rings. Carl emerges from the school and Lori breaks the news to the boy, who immediately begins to cry. They embrace.Present Day: Rick runs, carrying a seemingly lifeless Carl in his arms. Shane drags the man who shot Carl, an overweight and apologetic fellow named Otis. Otis (Pruitt Taylor Vince) tells Rick to head to a nearby farmhouse and talk to a man named Hershel Greene. "Hershel will help your boy!" Otis screams.Rick runs to the farmhouse, explains that Otis shot the boy and watches as Hershel (Scott Wilson), apparently a doctor, springs into action. Carl barely has a heartbeat. Shane soon arrives and wipes blood off his longtime boss and friend. Rick is distraught. Otis is distraught. Hershel thinks he might be able to save the boy.The rest of the survivors, meanwhile, continue to "beat the bushes" in an attempt to find Sophia. Lori heard the gunshot earlier -- and worries that Rick and Carl are somehow involved.Back at the road, Dale and T-Dog (Irone Singleton) wait. T-Dog's wound looks to be severely infected. "You could die from blood poisoning!" Dale says. "We need to find you some antibiotics." They decide to search all the surrounding cars. Rick, in the meantime, is called inside the farmhouse to give blood. Carl screams in pain before passing out. Hershel is able to extract a bullet fragment. "One down, five to go," Hershel sighs.Later, Rick is frantic. He wants to find Lori so she can be there with Carl. Shane talks his friend down. He then recalls how Lori reacted when Rick was in the hospital with a gunshot wound. "The strength of that woman you can't imagine," Shane tells Rick. Hershel then enters and explains that Carl needs full surgery. Hershel needs equipment that might be at a nearby high school, where a FEMA shelter had been set up. Unfortunately, the place is likely overrun by walkers. Otis, feeling responsible, volunteers to accompany Shane to the high school to retrieve the needed supplies. They take one of the pick-up trucks from the Greenes.Back at the road, Dale and T-Dog have struck out. "No drugs," Dale says. T-Dog then begins to tell Dale that they've been left behind because they're the "weak ones." T-Dog then comments that Daryl, a "redneck," has never forgiven him for Merle's fate. "If I'm not mistaken, that redneck went out of his way to save your ass," Dale says. T-Dog suggests that he and Dale strike out on their own. Dale is aghast. He then feels T-Dog's forehead. The man is burning up with fever from his infected arm. "Where the hell are they?" wonders a worried Dale.Andrea, meanwhile, is searching the woods for Sophia when she is suddenly attacked by a walker. She screams. At the last moment Maggie Greene (Lauren Cohan) rides from the woods on a horse and bashes the walker in the head. Andrea is saved. "There's been an accident," Maggie tells Lori. "Carl's been shot!" Lori jumps onto the horse with Maggie, who gives the rest of the gang directions to the nearby farmhouse before riding away.Back at that farmhouse, Hershel explains to Rick that his wife and stepson were lost to the plague. His daughters, Maggie and Beth, survived. "These people here, all we've got left is each other," Hershel says. "Just hope we can ride it out in peace until there's a cure." And Hershel believes that there will be a cure. "It's nature correcting itself -- restoring some balance," he says. Rick is skeptical. Just then, Maggie and Lori ride up to the farmhouse. Lori runs inside to her sleeping and sick boy. Mother and father cry softly together.Later, Rick gives more blood to his son. Lori then begins asking questions of Hershel, who reveals that he is actually a veterinarian. "And you've done this surgery before on what? Cows? Pigs?!" Lori shrilly demands. "You're completely in over your head, aren't you?" Hershel responds quietly: "Ma'am, aren't we all?"Shane and Otis, meanwhile, arrive at the high school and survey the location. It is indeed crawling with walkers. Back at the road, Daryl and Dale explain that they'll stay with the RV in case Sophia returns. Dale then explains that T-Dog might not survive if he doesn't get some antibiotics. Daryl snorts derisively, then rummages through his motorcycle saddlebags and casually hands over a bag full of pills -- apparently Merle's old "stash.""Not generics," he says, "top of the line stuff." Once again, he comes through.Hershel, meanwhile, explains to Rick and Lori that Carl doesn't have much time. He will need to operate soon if the boy is to have any chance at all.At the high school, Shane and Otis find flares in the back of a cop car and toss them into the parking lot to distract and draw the walkers away from the medical trailer. It works -- and the two men race inside to find the surgical supplies. They load up their backpacks and exit ... to find the walkers waiting. Shane and Otis make a run for it -- but there are walkers at every turn. In desperation, they barricade themselves inside the school and find that they are apparently trapped there.It appears they have failed in their mission to get the supplies back to Hershel.
