As the episode opens we see a cross-section of what everyone's up to. Deanna and Reg are informed of Aiden's death. It looks as if Sasha spent the night in the watchtower. Carol leaves a casserole on Deanna's porch along with a note expressing her condolences. Deanna lights the note on fire and leaves the food outside.We see a splice of Nicholas' videotaped report of what happened to Aiden alongside Glenn's summation to Rick. Nicholas' is full of lies and he blames the newcomers for Aiden's death.Carol gives Rick more information about reports from Sam about Pete abusing Jessie. She's placed a lock on the inside of his closet to protect the boy from his father. Later Pete walks past Rick, who is holding a revolver.Michonne is told that Tara is still alive, though she's in critical condition. Rosita mentions Sasha may be in trouble and the two go looking for her. Outside the wall the two women talk about being in Alexandria and feeling normal.Rick tells Deanna there is an issue with Pete and she says she already knew about the abuse. Deanna mentions Pete's importance to the community as a surgeon. Rick thinks they need to separate them and if Pete refuses they kill him. She is adamant that the Alexandria community doesn't execute people.Michonne and Rosita follow a trail of walkers Sasha has killed. "She's hunting them."Glenn approaches Nicholas and says he won't allow him to leave Alexandria and put anybody else in danger. "I know who you are."Enid knows that Carl's been following him. The two of them continue in the woods together, ducking walkers and trying to be young. She says she's "trying to forget." They hide in a tree together and almost kiss.Michonne and Rosita finally find Sasha who says, "I'm sick of playing defense." Eventually the two join her in taking out dozens of walkers. Sasha runs out of ammo and is very nearly killed. Michonne saves her, but Sasha becomes emotional and she thinks about Noah.Daryl and Aaron spot a light. They investigate and find the fresh scattering of walker limbs. They see a woman tied to a tree who has been fed to the walkers.Rick approaches Jesse about the abuse. She thinks she can fix it, but Rick assures her the next step is Pete killing her. She thinks everybody needs to take of themselves and runs inside. After thinking for some time, Rick follows her inside and tells Jess about Sam asking for a gun. "If you don't fight, you die. And I don't want you to die." He's says he'll help her if she gives him permission. She want to know if he'd do it for anybody else and Rick says no. Jesse gives Rick her permission just as a drunken Pete walks into the room. Jesse asks Pete to leave and a fight between Pete and Rick ensues. Rick ends up throwing Pete through a window on the front porch. The fight spills into the street, with both men bloodied. Both Jesse and Carl try to break it up, but to no avail. Deanna demands they stop. This leads to Rick pulling his gun and going on a long, crazed tirade about the Alexandria community has been going about things the wrong way. He's interrupted by Michonne knocking him unconscious with a blow to the back of the head.
