Glenn and Maggie are out in the prison yard digging graves -- a lot of them. Looks like the mysterious "bug" running through the prison is not letting up. Meanwhile, Tyreese shows Rick the burned bodies out back. They were that of Karen and David, who were infected by the virus but had not yet died before that point. "Somebody dragged them out here and set them on fire!" Tyreese rages. "You find who did this and you bring them to me! Understand!? Bring them to me!" Rick tries to calm down Tyreese, who punches the leader in the face. Rick punches back -- and is soon beating Tyreese almost to pulp. Daryl pulls him away. Rick stares at his bloody fist. It's all unraveling.Later, Hershel tends to Rick's hand, explaining that it won't be of much use for the next few days. Hershel then delicately tells Rick that there is a council meeting scheduled for the next day. Rick, ever the reluctant leader, declines the invite. Outside, Hershel discovers Sascha coughing violently. Uh oh. Sascha wanders inside in search of Dr. S. -- only to find that the doc is very sick, too. Double uh oh.At the council meeting, our leading survivors -- minus Rick, of course -- discusses the possibility of finding antibiotics. The only problem: antibiotics are very, very hard to come by these days. Hershel suggests a college's animal hospital some 50 miles away -- and then suggests putting the most vulnerable, the children, in quarantine.Rick pays a visit to Tyreese and apologizes for the beating. Again, Tyreese demands finding the person who burned Karen. "What I'm picking up is that murder is OK in this place now," he fumes. Inside the prison, Carl is annoyed that he has to be quarantined with a "bunch of kids." He also points out to his dad the possibility that he might have to use his gun if things go bad. Later, Maggie visits Glenn. He is coughing. "Don't come any closer," Glenn croaks. "I have it."Daryl and Michonne prepare a car with supplies for their expedition to the college. Daryl explains that Bob will be joining the antibiotic team, but that he would feel much more comfortable with one more able body. But who's left? Daryl approaches Tyreese, who turns him down flat and would rather guard the door to quarantine. "We're gassing up out front in case you change your mind," Daryl says.Later, Carl is on patrol and catches Hershel making his way outside toward the field. But why? Carl knows he can't stop the older man and demands to accompany him. Meanwhile, Carol escorts Lizzie into quarantine -- and is strong until the door closes. Then she breaks down and cries. Outside the prison, Hershel picks plants while Carl stands guard with his gun. Carl spots a campsite and the two approach, finding a rotting walker lying against a tree. Another walker its foot in a bear trap lurches nearby. Carl anxiously raises his gun. "Don't," Hershel says. "You don't need to." So the boy lowers his weapon and the two quickly walk away.After an emotional conversation with Sascha, through glass, Tyreese volunteers to go with Daryl, Michonne and Ben on the trip to find antibiotics. Carol, in the meantime, checks the water reserves -- almost empty. Tyreese approaches Carol, and asks her to look in on Sascha for him. Carol agrees. "What happened to Karen ... I'm so sorry," Carol says. Hershel returns with plants and berries -- "a natural flu remedy" -- and is confronted by Maggie and Rick, who beg him not to enter quarantine and risk getting sick. "I can make these people feel better and hang on a little longer," Hershel says. "I can save lives. That's reason enough to risk mine."Later, Carol is outside the fence trying to reconnect a hose that brings water into the prison. For some unknown reason, Carol waits far too long to make her escape. She is aided by Rick and his gun before slipping back into the prison. "Piece of cake," Carol gasps. She completed the job, but Rick is upset that she went against his earlier advice to reconnect the water together the next day. On the road, Daryl and Michonne's team run into literally hundreds of walkers congregating in the road.The undead get stuck under the wheels, rendering the car useless. They all make a run for it -- except for Tyreese, who sits in the car and appears to be considering dying. Finally, Tyreese leaps from the car and, in a rage, attacks every walker he can in the horde. When it appears that Tyreese has been hopelessly surrounded, the rest of the team moves reluctantly, but still quickly into the woods. By some miracle, a blood-and-guts splattered Tyreese soon joins them. He made it through.Hershel, in the meantime, gives his tea to Dr. S., who coughs violently into Hershel's face, splattering the old man with blood. He calmly removes the bandana covering his mouth. No turning back now. Later, Rick approaches Carol. He has investigated the scene of Karen's burned body and knows Carol did it. Rather than deny or even show any shock or remorse, Carol immediately owns up to it.
