The prison walls are broken. The Governor lies dead in the yard. Michonne watches her temporary home burn from the tree line. She then heads back toward the prison, chopping off walker heads as she goes. Finding two gasping walkers stuck to wooden spikes near the gates, she lops off their arms, removes their jaws and leashes them. It's just like the first time we met her . On her way back into the woods, she stops -- on the ground lies the reanimated head of Hershel. Michonne sinks her blade into the dead man's temple, ending his suffering for good.Elsewhere, a shellshocked Rick and Carl stumble down a back road. "We need to find a place ... food ... supplies," a badly hurt Rick mumbles. "We're going to be ..." But Rick doesn't finish. Nobody can believe comforting lies any longer. Later, father and son find a bar and grill. After taking out the walker inside -- Carl wastes a bullet on the dead man despite Rick's protestations -- they find a bag of foodstuffs. Farther down the road, they break into a nice home to set up camp for the night.The house has been ransacked for food/supplies. Upstairs, Carl finds a young boy's room, probably the same age as him. He smiles vaguely at the video games before starting the process of barricading the door. He uses a TV cord to tie a complicated knot. "Shane taught me," Carl says to his dad. "Remember him?" It's a challenge and Rick doesn't back down. "You have something else to say to me?" dad shoots back. The two then settle into an uneasy truce while preparing to bed down.We see Michonne in a fancy apartment, presumably in better days. She good-naturally argues over an art exhibit with her boyfriend and his friend before serving them a cheese plate and scooping up a very young child into her arms. Suddenly, the men's arms are gone. The child is gone. Michonne SCREAMS ... and wakes up. She is inside a car. Outside are her two new and armless walker pets.The next morning Carl awakens and begrudgingly makes his dad a bowl of cereal. He returns to find Rick completely unresponsive. Is he dead? Carl begins to yell when the barricaded door begins to thump and bang. Carl circles around the back of the house and discovers two walkers clawing at the door. "Hey you!" Carl cries. "Fresh meat. Come and get it!" Carl rather cockily leads the walkers away from the house and into the woods, but is ambushed by another walker. Flat on his back, Carl fires multiple shots and the walkers fall dead (again) in a heap on top of him. He finally frees himself from the nasty scrum and vomits. "I win," he declares.Carl then heads back inside and stands over his unconscious father. "I don't need you anymore!" the boy rages at Rick. Carl lists the names of the dead -- including Judith and Lori -- accusing his father of hiding behind the prison garden as The Governor made his plans. "I'd be fine if you died," Carl concludes. Rick doesn't stir. So Carl leaves. Down the tree-lined street he finds another nice home and forces his way inside in search of goods. He finds a fully stocked kitchen ... and pudding! Upstairs, Carl continues his search -- and a snarling walker bursts into the hallway. The boy fires twice, but misses in his haste. He retreats into a bedroom and tries to open the window to escape. No time. The walker bursts through the door. Carl scrambles just out of biting range, turning around and heading back to the hallway. He slams the door behind him trapping the walker inside. Again, Carl wins.Proud of himself, he sits on the roof of the house and eats the big can of pudding.Michonne, meanwhile, walks through the woods with her "pets." Their condition shields her from other walkers who stumble by -- as if in a loosely aligned herd -- nearby. Michonne then notices a walker that looks uncomfortably like her. After several minutes of looking at her doppleganger, Michonne loses it and begins hacking, starting with her lookalike. Moments later, all are dead. Michonne gasps at the center of the body-strewn circle. It's just not her day. Again.It's night and Carl is resting near the couch where his dad lies. Suddenly, Rick's hand jerks. Is he a walker now? Carl lifts his gun and begins to weep. "I can't," Carl says. He lets his gun fall. He can't shoot Rick. "Carl ..." gasps Rick, who is alive after all. Carl cradles his father's head before Rick passes out again. "I'm scared," Carl cries. "I'm scared." His bravado all gone for the moment, Carl cries like a kid.The next morning, Michonne comes across the dead body in the bar. She begins to cry again and starts talking to Mike, her former lover. She misses him. She misses their old life. Outside, Michonne lops the head off a single walker and walks on.Carl and Rick then have a heart-to-heart. Rick admits that he clung to the thought that he could make everything normal again -- for Judith and Carl. "You, you're a man, Carl," Rick tells his son. "And I'm sorry." Says Carl: "You don't need to be." Suddenly, there is a knock on the door. Carl draws his gun. Rick looks through the peephole and begins to laugh. "It's for you," he says. Outside, Michonne smiles.
