We begin out in the woods with a look at what Morgan's up to. He's alone, but seems to be making it work living out of a car. During breakfast he's approached by an armed man with a 'W' on his forehead. He's there to steal everything Morgan has. Another man shows up from behind with a knife, but Morgan is able to dispatch them both. He sticks their unconscious bodies in a car and honks the horn.Rick wakes up to Michonne sitting by his side. Pete's been put in another house. She's upset Rick didn't tell her what was going on. Carol and Glenn come in. They are upset Rick had a stolen gun. There's a meeting that night and Carol advises Rick to say whatever the Alexandria citizens want to hear. Rick suggests that if things go bad at the meeting they start grabbing hostages.Maggie talks with Deanna about the forum that night. Maggie advises her that kicking out Rick isn't an option. Reg reminds his wife that it was Michonne who stepped up and saved the day. It sounds like Reg is going to advise Deanna that reaching the point where nobody is sent away will be progress.Sasha is rounding up the bodies of the walkers she's taken out and dumping them in a large hole. During this process she lies on top of the pile.While on their recruiting trip Aaron tells Daryl that three people -- two men and a woman - were sent away.When Carol and Rick are alone, she tells him she hasn't mentioned the other guns they have stored away "just in case." Rick doesn't want to lie anymore.Maggie tells Glenn she's planning to work behind the scenes to find a solution. Glenn sees Father Gabriel going for an unarmed walk outside the walls.Rick warms Carl that it's possible he'll have to threaten or kill one of the Alexandria residents at the meeting.Aaron and Daryl are following a survivor wearing a red poncho. They lose that person, but in the process they come across an old canned food warehouse. They decide the opportunity is too rare to pass up. They open the back of a trailer, but it turns out to be a trap of some kind. Trailer door after trailer door pops up and the men find themselves surrounded by dozens of walkers. They manage to escape inside a car, but are now surrounded by a hundred or more walkers. Inside the car they see a letter: "TRAP. BAD PEOPLE COMING. DON'T STAY."Carol goes to the place where Pete is staying and threatens to kill him if he doesn't check on Tara.While Glenn walks outside the wall, Nicholas shoots him from behind some trees. Glenn is wounded, but quickly disappears.Rick stops by Jessie's place to warn her he's going to do what he has to do. Pete witnesses this exchange.While trapped in the car Daryl confesses that he feels more comfortable killing walkers than he did in the peaceful environment of Alexandria. They start to debate who will leave the car and distract the walkers so the other person can survive. Aaron insists they do it together. Just before they make a break for it Morgan shows up and helps them get out. Morgan says he helped them "because all life is precious." Aaron invites him to Alexandria, but Morgan passes. He says he needs help with directions and hands Daryl a map. On it written a message: "Sorry I was an a--hole. Come to Washington. The new world's gonna need Rick Grimes."Gabriel briefly attempts to give up his life to a walker, but at the last second changes his mind. He drops to the ground and weeps.Abraham goes to see Tara and speaks with Eugene, who is sitting at her bedside. They apologize to one another.Father Gabriel return to Alexandria unharmed. At the gate Spencer asks if he could come to him for some counsel. Spencer asks him to close the gate, but Gabriel walks off without closing it completely.Glenn and Nicholas fight in the woods. Nicholas gets the upper hand and moves away as multiple walks jump down on top of Glenn.Before the meeting Michonne tells Rick she's with him either way, but thinks they can "find a way." She tells him not to "make something happen."Rick finds the gate left open. He closes it and runs off to investigate.Deanna starts the meeting. She begins by saying they're going to talk about Rick and what happened. Maggie and Carol want them to wait for Rick to arrive.Sasha goes to see Gabriel looking for help. She says she thinks she wants to die. He agrees and blames her sins for what happened.Sasha and Gabriel begin to fight. Simultaneously Rick is discussed at the meeting and Rick battles walkers in the streets. Rick's people speak about their leader and how important he will be for their community.Glenn survived the walkers and begins pummeling Nicholas.We see the two 'W' guys from the opening are responsible for the trap at the food warehouse. They bring the red poncho guy there and kill him. They then reset their traps in the trucks.Deana takes the floor and tells everybody what Gabriel told her about the new people being untrustworthy. Jessie points out that Gabriel is also not there.Glenn puts a gun to Nicholas' head but cannot kill him. As Sasha points a gun at Gabriel, Maggie shows up and takes the gun. Gabriel cries and says: "They all died because of me."Rick walks into the meeting and dumps a walker's body onto the floor. He tells them the gate was open and Spencer tells them Gabriel was responsible. Rick explains "the ones out there will find us .. and try to kill us." He promises to show them how to survive. He tells them they're not ready, but they need to become ready quickly or they'll die. An angry Pete shows up and start yelling at Rick. Reg steps up to stop him and Peter cuts his throat. Reg dies in Deanna's arms and Deanna says "Rick: Do it." Rick shoots Pete just as Daryl, Aaron and Morgan walk into the meeting.
