It's Daryl vs. Merle with the whole of Woodbury screaming for blood. Andrea runs out into the circle and pleads for Daryl's life. "He's my friend!" she screams. The Governor dismisses her -- and tells Merle to prove his loyalty. So Merle begins to kick and punch his brother. While they grapple, Merle whispers: "Just follow my lead little brother." So they stand -- back to back -- and begin to fight off walkers led into the ring by the Governor's goons. Suddenly, shots ring out. It's Rick and the gang, firing from the ground and the wall above. A smoke bomb erupts and everyone scatters wildly. Daryl and Merle escape with Rick -- Daryl grabbing a crossbow on the way out.Merle leads the group out of Woodbury ... while walkers make their way inside. Morning arrives and find Glenn and Michonne waiting. Of course, Glenn and Michonne lose it when they spot Merle. Michonne, in particular, would like to slice and dice the new member of the group, but Rick won't let her. Merle being Merle, he taunts Michonne about Andrea getting really cozy with the Governor. Our survivors are shocked to hear that she is inside Woodbury.At the prison, Tyreese and Sascha get to know Hershel. They explain that they stayed in the bunker of a survivalist neighbor until they ran into Alan and Ben and, eventually, caught on with about 20 others. "Our camp was overrun about six weeks ago," Sascha explains. Hershel believes they are good people, but warns that it's not up to him to decide whether they stay. The group will decide -- once Rick and company returns.Speaking of, Rick, Glenn and Maggie insist that Merle not return to the prison. Daryl understands, but declares that he isn't going anywhere without his brother. "We'll fend for ourselves," he announces. Rick tries to convince Daryl to reconsider. He won't -- and disappears into the woods with his big brother. Rick then turns to Michonne, who the group isn't crazy about either. "We patch you up and then you are gone!" Rick tells Michonne. They head for the prison.Outside the prison, Alan and Ben try to convince Tyreese and Sascha to take out the survivors while it's just a kid, a few women, and a one-legged old man. But Tyreese and Sascha refuse. "It's survival of the fittest!" Alan yells. But Tyreese won't budge. "We don't do that!" Later, on the way back to the prison, Glenn becomes furious at Rick for a). letting Daryl walk away after they went to so much trouble to save him and b). letting the Governor live. Harsh words are exchanged, suggesting Rick has, once again, let down the group.Back at Woodbury, everything has gone to hell. Citizens are trying to crash through the gate and leave, but armed guards won't let them. "Everyone calm down!" Andrea screams. No one does. It gets worse when the crowd hears screaming from the opposite end of the street. Walkers! Chewing on flesh. Andrea races to the scene and executes the undead. A Woodbury man has been bitten badly and lies shaking on the ground. "Somebody do something!" a woman in the crowd yells. The Governor appears and shoots the man in the head. Then, without a word, the Governor turns back around and stalks back inside.Rick and company return to the prison. Carol wants to know what happened to Daryl. "He's alive ... but we ran into his brother," Rick explains. "They went off." Carol can't believe that Daryl is gone. Rick tries to comfort her. Elsewhere, Andrea confronts the Governor, explaining that the good folks of Woodbury are scared. "They've had it easy," the Governor says. "We're at war." The Governor then claims that he didn't tell Andrea that he had Glenn and Maggie because she is "just a visitor, passing through." Andrea refuses to be pushed out that easily. The Governor then reminds Andrea that it was her "friends" who just broke into town and killed seven people.The Governor refuses to go outside to calm the townsfolk, so Andrea does it for him. She delivers a speech about perseverance and hearts and minds -- and everybody seems to buy into it. The Governor watches from the window above. At the prison, Beth and Carol have a heart to heart. Beth, who has been taking care of the infant, worries that "we're weak" without Daryl. Hershel, meanwhile, tends to the considerable wounds of Maggie and Glenn. He notes that both are holding something back. What happened in Woodbury? "Don't disappear on me," Hershel tells his daughter. Father and daughter hug.Rick then goes to meet with Tyreese, Sascha, Alan and Ben. Tyreese offers to help in any way they can. Rick refuses, saying that it's too dangerous. Hershel pulls aside Rick. "I'm telling you, you're wrong on this," Hershel says. "You've got to start giving people a chance." Rick is about to say something when he looks up ... and sees the silhouette of Lori in white above. Rick begins to scream and rage at the ghostly figure, scaring everybody in the room.It appears that the leader is losing it.
