Lizzie comes to see Carol, who explains that she is going on a run with Rick. "We lost all our food in cell block D, so we're going to look for some more," Carol says. Lizzie explains that she understands many will die ... and that she finds some solace in "coming back" as a walker. "We all change," the little girl opines as if coming back as a flesh-eating monster is the most normal thing in the world. Carol dispenses more tough love to the girl, making sure she has her knife well hidden. Lizzie slips and calls Carol "mom." Carol tells the girl not to call her that.Tyreese rings walker gore off his clothes and body in a stream. He is still very angry and bitter, mentioning that he lost his girlfriend and will likely lose his sister soon. Rick and Carol drive into a nearby neighborhood. On the way, Carol defends her decision to kill off the first of the infected survivors. Rick remains silent as the grave.Daryl's group, in the meantime, runs into a horde of hidden walkers at an overgrown, long-abandoned gas station. Tyreese struggles with his walker for a bit too long, refusing to disengage the drooling, growling creature. It's almost as if the big man wants to become lunch. Inside a suburban home, Rick and Carol find two young people, a man and a woman who offer them fresh fruit. The man, Sam, has a dislocated shoulder and Carol helps him reset it. It soon becomes apparent that the two young people have fallen for each other and aren't as hardened as Rick/Carol.Outside, Michonne warns Tyreese that anger makes people "stupid." She used to be angry, but not anymore -- or so she claims. So why, Tyreese wonders, is she still going out periodically to look for the Governor? "I don't know," Michonne responds. Back at the suburban home, the young survivors volunteer to help Rick and Carol sweep the neighborhood for supplies ... against Rick's better judgement. Nevertheless, Rick hands Sam a gun and his good watch to keep time with. "Meet back here in two hours," he says.Rick and Carol ransack a house -- and Carol says what both are thinking. Why hasn't he said anything about Carol killing two sick people? Carol points out that Rick has killed a human threat, too, referencing Shane. "You don't have to like what I did," she says. "I don't. You just have to accept it." Afterward, as they pick veggies from a garden, Rick and Carol discover a blood trail. They follow it and find two walkers feasting on the young woman from earlier. "We should get back," Carol says with no emotion. "Sam is probably waiting." We didn't even know her name.Daryl and co. enter the veterinary clinic and load up on supplies. They're just about done when they spot a horde of walkers. The group ducks into a dark room full of animal cages and then onto a stairwell leading up. The walkers that follow are weeping blood from their eyes. They are also infected with the flu virus, so splattering blood and gore is now an additional danger to teeth or tears.Daryl and co. escape onto a roof and Bob stumbles. He manages to stay on the roof, but his bag of pilfered medicine and supplies goes over. He fights to get the bag back and finally does. Daryl hears a "clink" and looks at the contents. It's liquor. Bob hasn't even bothered to get what the group came for. He only wanted alcohol to dull the pain of, well, everything. Daryl looks ready to murder. "Let it go, Daryl," Tyreese urges. "Man's made his choice." Daryl shoves the bottle back into Bob's hands, warning him that he best not take a sip until the meds get to the prison.Back in the neighborhood, Sam still hasn't arrived. Rick wants to stay, but Carol demands to leave. She tells Rick Sam might be okay, but he's not there and they need to go. She adds then "It was a nice watch", possibly indicating that Sam could have run off with it. Rick can no longer stay silent. "They might have lived -- Karen and David," Rick says. "And now they're dead ... That wasn't your decision to make." Rick then says that he will tell everyone at the prison because he has to. He also says that if it came down to Rick, his children and Carol, he wouldn't want Carol around. He no longer trusts her. Rick tosses her bag onto the curb.So Carol loads up her own car with supplies and gas, and Rick helps her. They have an awkward goodbye during which Carol hands Rick her old husband's watch. Goodbye, Carol.
