The Governor tries to convince his new flock to invade the prison, explaining that the people inside this supposed paradise destroyed the last haven he lived in with Martinez ... and killed his daughter. "We can have it," the Governor says. "We don't need to kill anyone. But we need to be prepared." Turns out the Governor has already taken two hostages from the prison: Hershel and Michonne.All agree with the Governor, though Lilly isn't totally convinced. The Governor professes his love for the woman and her daughter -- and pledges to keep them alive no matter what. Later, the Governor offers his two prisoners food. Hershel demands an explanation. "I'm going to kill you," Michonne promises. Hershel is more diplomatic, proposing that the two groups find a way to live together. The Governor refuses that option, but says he is going to try hard not to hurt anyone.We'll see.At the prison, Glenn is finally recovering from his bout with the super-flu. He shares some fond memories with Maggie as well as a kiss. Meanwhile, Daryl is hearing the news about Carol -- and he isn't happy. "She's going to be alright," Rick says. "She has guns, a car and supplies." Rick also explains that Carol admitted to killing two of their own and wasn't at all sorry for it. According to Daryl, that doesn't sound like Carol at all. Not the Carol he knew. Elsewhere, Sascha thanks Bob for saving her life, though the tortured Bob doesn't want to be labeled a hero.Rick and Daryl go to see Tyreese, but the news about Carol will have to wait. Tyreese has found what appears to be a vivisected rat on a board. Tyreese believes a "psychopath" is living within the prison walls. "We've got to find him, Rick," he says. "And I'm not going to sleep until we do." Suddenly, there is a BANG. Rick runs outside to see the Governor and all his people assembled outside the fence ... with a tank. "We need to talk," says the Governor, who displays Hershel and Michonne. Rick says he no longer makes the group's decisions. The Governor doesn't care.He wants to discuss matters with Rick -- and Rick only.So Rick walks to the fence to hear the Governor's proposal. Basically, Rick and his people clear out of the prison or Hershel and Michonne die. Rick explains that there are children inside. "I have a tank and i'm letting you walk away from here," an unmoved Governor says. "What else is there to talk about?" Daryl, meanwhile, hands out weapons to a select number of survivors in the prison. It might be war.Back at the river bank, Lilly is all alone with Meagan. She is panicked to see a walker trying to cross the river, but the zombie is eventually washed away. She sighs in deep relief ... and then hears Meagan screaming. A different walker, one likely buried in a flash flood some time ago, emerges from the mud and bites Meagan on the arm. Now it is Lilly's turn to scream.Back at the prison, the children are running to the bus, carrying little Judith, per the long-prearranged plan, but Lizzie insists that they find guns -- like Carol told them to do. Rick, in the meantime, proposes living in the prison together. He then explains that he won't give up the prison to the Governor. He'd rather fight, which would bring more walkers. In other words, they share the prison or nobody gets it. "We can still come back," Rick pleads. "We can still come back ... We can change." And with that impassioned speech, the Governor takes out Michonne's katana blade and slices Hershel in the neck. Maggie and Beth scream. Gunfire erupts.As the firing continues, the Governor turns around to find that Lilly has arrived carrying Meagan's body. The Governor doesn't hesitate. He takes his gun out and shoots Meagan before she can turn. He then struts to the front line and tells Mitch to move in with the tank. "Kill them all," the Governor growls. The tank begins blowing holes in the walls of the prison as the Governor's people use the rolling behemoth as cover and advance closer and closer to the prison yard.The Governor lags behind and Rick jumps out from behind an overturned truck and tackles him. The two begin to exchange haymakers. Elsewhere, survivors are loaded onto the bus, which takes off without Tyreese, Maggie, Ben and others. Beth, in the meantime, is missing. It's chaos. Tyreese is about to be gunned down by Alicia when Lizzie and Mika appear with weapons. They blow a hole in Alicia's head. The Governor, meanwhile, has the upper-hand on Rick and is about to choke the life out of him when a katana blade bursts forth from his chest.Michonne holds the blade. The Governor lies on the ground, mortally wounded but not quite dead. Michonne turns and leaves him as Rick runs to find Carl.Daryl has found some grenades and he shoves one in the gun of the tank. Mitch bails out just as the tank explodes. Then Daryl shoots Mitch in the chest with a crossbow. Rick finds Carl, who blasts walkers to save his dad. Father and son embrace ... and then spot Judith's car seat lying nearby. It is bloody. They weep.Out in the prison yard, the Governor is struggling for life. Lilly approaches. Her hand shakes, but she aims for the Governor's head and fires.As the episode ends, our survivors are scattered. Walkers stream into the flaming and smoking prison. Rick and Carl limp away together into the woods. "Don't look back," Rick says.
