Tyreese and Karen are talking. Tyreese tries to get Karen back to his cell, but she turns him down.So Karen retreats, by herself, to her own room inside the prison. Stumbling after her is a walker, the recently infected young man (Patrick) from the survivors' group, in fact. It bypasses Karen's cell when a neighbor coughs. And that neighbor, who is sleeping, quietly gets his throat torn out. The next morning, that neighbor awakens as a member of the undead. So now there are two walkers inside the cell block.Outside, Rick and Carl say goodbye to Michonne, who is heading back outside to search for supplies and other things. Later, father and son feed the pigs and garden. "Dad, when can I have my gun back?" Carl asks. Before he can answer, Rick hears gunshots from inside the prison. He races inside while Michonne, who is outside the prison on horseback, turns around to help. She is assaulted by walkers, who pull her down to the ground. Carl grabs a rifle and shoots one walker in the head. Maggie dispatches the other. Michonne is safe.Inside it is chaos. There are now even more walkers and the terrified survivors flee for their lives while Rick and Daryl do their best to shoot, stomp and stab their cellmates-turned-feasting undead. Finally, all the new walkers are destroyed in messy fashion, leaving behind a terrible scene of carnage.Afterward, Rick and Daryl take the horrible duty of making sure the dead are dead by stabbing or shooting the bodies in the head. Carol, meanwhile, tries to take care of a bitten prisoner, who knows he is going to die. He asks that Carol take care of the prison's kids like "they're yours." Crying, she agrees. Rick, Daryl and Hershel then discuss the origin of the internal outbreak and settle on a flu-like "bug" that killed the survivors -- and, thus, turned them into walkers. Rick notes that one of his pigs recently died quickly and without obvious explanation. There is now a different kind of infection to worry about in this post-apocalyptic non-paradise.Carol then brings in the bitten man's two young daughters, who say goodbye to their father through tears. The man breathes his last breath -- and the older girl volunteers to stab her dead in the brain before he turns. Ultimately, however, the girl can't do it -- and an understanding Carol takes the knife and does the deed.Shortly thereafter, Hershel and the rest of the council forms a plan: they will have to separate those who exhibit flu-like symptoms in a different cell block (death row, no less), including -- much to Tyreese's horror -- Karen. Outside, Carol bluntly tells the two young girls that she promised to look after them -- and that they have to be stronger than they have been. The girls do not take it well and leave crying.Maggie screams for Rick and Daryl, who are busy burying the dead bodies. There is a crushing horde of walkers piling up against the prison fence. Maggie, Glenn, Sascha, Rick and Daryl begin killing the walkers off one by one, but there are far too many. Sascha then notices dead, mangled rats along the perimeter. Somebody has been feeding the walkers, so they've naturally come out in force. The fence begins to bend perilously. "Daryl, get the truck," Rick says. "I know what to do."Inside, Carol asks Carl if he told Rick about her survival lessons to the children. Carl did not, but clearly thinks Carol should tell the kids' parents. "I'm not asking you to lie," Carol says. "I'm asking you not to say anything." Elsewhere, Judith spits up on Beth, who asks Michonne to hold the baby while she cleans up. Michonne at first rudely refuses, but then takes Judith ... and hugs the child tenderly, weeping.Outside, Daryl and Rick drive the truck away from the prison. In the back are all the (possibly infected) pigs. Rick cuts the pigs with a knife and then throws them into the approaching zombie hoard. The ploy draws the walkers away from the prison fence while the survivors inside fortify it. All this killing gets to Rick, and he hides his face after slicing open the last of the pigs he spent the last few months caring for.Later, Carl tells his father that Carol has been teaching the children to use weapons. "I think you should let her," Carl says. Says Rick: "Thank you for telling me ... I won't stop her. I won't say anything." Rick then douses the old pig pen with gasoline and lights it on fire. Finally, he hands Carl his old gun back -- and then holsters his own firearm. It's not what Rick wanted, but it's the way it is.
