The Governor sits by a campfire when a walker approaches. It trips and falls into the fire -- only to be shot by Martinez. The Governor never even budges. Later, he drives into Woodbury and sets it aflame. Much later, now wearing a scraggly beard, he stumbles into a town and discovers two older sisters, a grandfather on an O2 tank and a young girl, Meagan, who resembles the Governor's own dead offspring. The group takes in the Governor, who gives them a false name, but does not allow him to keep his weapon. Tara, a former cop, is especially suspicious. Later, the grandfather asks the Governor, because he can handle himself around the undead, to head to a nearby apartment in the building and pick up a backgammon set. "I know you don't understand because you don't have a baby girl of your own, but it might be something that makes my Meagan talk again, the old man says. The Governor goes upstairs and finds the mutilated undead occupant snarling in the bathtub. He snaps the walker's neck ... and then discovers a loaded weapon.Later, the Governor looks at a photo of his former family, folding the picture to hide himself. The next morning, the more sympathetic older sister, Lily, sees the photograph as the Governor sleeps. She gives him a bag of supplies and offers his gun back. "I have this," says the Governor, showing her the gun he found upstairs. He then gives advice to the naive woman, who has been holed up in the apartment since the outbreak. "You need to shoot them in the brain," the Governor says. "That's what kills them." Lilly then asks the Governor for a favor: go outside to a nearby old folks home and find grandad an O2 tank -- for Meagan, of course.So the Governor heads to the olds folks home, which is filled with infirm walkers in wheelchairs and strapped to beds. Infirm does not mean harmless, The Governor finds more than a half dozen tanks but is soon overrun by walkers. He desperately grabs one, all he can reasonably carry, and gets out. The Governor returns to the apartment and is tended to by Lilly, a nurse in her past life and Meagan's mom. "She thought you were her dad -- Meagan ... when she saw you on the street," Lilly explains. Apparently, dad left town long before the apocalypse. Later, the Governor hesitantly explains to Meagan that he lost his eye trying to protect someone he loved very much. "I'm sorry," Meagan says. Says the Governor: "Me, too."Days, or maybe weeks after that, the Governor is clean shaven and much more himself. He teaches Meagan to play chess and she draws an eyepatch on the king piece -- the "guy you want to capture." Soon, the sisters discover that grandfather is dead. The Governor knows what this means, but tries to let them mourn. Sure enough, the old man turns into a walker and begins to attack. The Governor takes the O2 tank and bashes in the new walker's brains. He is dead again.Later, after burying grandad, the Governor returns to the apartment to find Meagan cowering in a corner and, once again, not speaking. That night, the Governor burns the photo of his family. He packs his bags and says goodbye to Lilly. "No, we're coming with you!" says Lilly, who announces that they want to find someplace better to live. "You're stuck with us and that's the way it's going to be." The Governor sighs deeply and drops his bags. The next day, they drive away in a perishable food truck once driven by dead grandad. Meagan is still unresponsive.Camping out that night, Lilly cozies up to the Governor and they are soon making out (and more). The next morning, the food truck won't start so the new "family" walks down the middle of a highway. Tara trips and twists her ankle. The Governor walks ahead, sensing something. Sure enough, a horde of dozens and dozens of walkers appears around the corner. Meagan runs into the Governor's arms and the group makes a mad dash into the woods with the walkers in pursuit. The Governor and Meagan fall into a ditch with three walkers. The Governor violently kills the walkers in front of the little girl. "I'm never going to let anything happen to you," he whispers to Meagan. "Cross my heart." The Governor looks up and sees Martinez standing at the top of the ditch. "Cross my heart," the Governor whispers again.
