Glenn is being interrogated by Merle, who is quick to reference being abandoned for dead in Atlanta. "We went back for you!" Glenn says. Merle isn't listening, though. Instead, he wants to know the whereabouts of Daryl as well as the rest of the group. Glenn won't talk -- and gets beaten for it.Back at the prison, Rick is staring at Michonne, who has "cloaked" herself in zombie guts. Michonne is bleeding from a gunshot wound in the thigh. She dispatches a few walkers with her samurai sword. Carl and Rick take care of the others with their handguns. They drag Michonne inside. Rick takes her sword and locks Michonne in a cell for the time being. The group then welcomes back Carol, who grieves for Lori and coos over the baby.Later, Rick interrogates Michonne, who explains that Glenn and Maggie were taken by the same man who shot her. "There's a town ... about 75 survivors ... run by this guy who calls himself The Governor ... Jim Jones type," she whispers. Hershel tends to her wound while Carl stands guard. Rick decides to head to Woodbury and pulls aside Carl before leaving. "If something happens, you want to get everyone locked in the cells," he tells his son. "Take care of your sister." Carl wonders what they should call the baby -- and suggests Judith after one of his teachers. "Judith it is," says Rick before getting into the car with Daryl, Oscar, and Michonne. "Bring them back," Hershel says.Milton knocks on the Governor's door with news from the lab. The Governor returns to his bedroom to find Andrea dressing and suggests they both go. Inside the lab, Milton feeds an old, sick man whom the Governor calls Mr. Coleman. Milton begins a kind of memory test, asking the old man if he recalls being married and having kids. Coleman weakly raises his right hand in acknowledgment of each question. Milton seems pleased. Andrea is confused. Glenn, meanwhile, is a bloody mess thanks to Merle. Frustrated and angry by Glenn's refusal to speak, Merle unleashes a walker into the room where Glenn is being held. Glenn fights valiantly despite being tied to a chair. Glenn eventually manages to break a leg off his chair and stab the walker in the eye. He screams in gory triumph. At Woodbury, Milton explains that they are waiting for Coleman to die and reanimate -- at which point he will be asked the same series of questions as before. Turns out Coleman, who has prostate cancer, volunteered for this experiment to see if a newly turned walker retains anything from his/her human experience. Milton is shaking in fear.The Governor then appears to interrogate Maggie. He cuts her loose from her chair and sits down across from her. "We'll take you back to your people," the Governor says. "Tell us where they are and we'll take you to them." Maggie refuses. The Governor tells Maggie to stand and take off her shirt -- or "I'll bring Glenn's head in here." So Maggie removes her shirt and bra. She stands -- shaking -- as the Governor approaches. He leans in close and smells her hair. "Do what you're going to do," she spits. "Go to hell." The Governor backs away.Rick, Daryl, Oscar, and Michonne stop the car and decide to approach Woodbury on foot. A dozen walkers soon appear. Rick orders "no gunfire" so the group carves a path through the undead with knives. They eventually come upon a rundown cabin and charge inside. They find a hermit with a shotgun. Rick knocks the gun from the man's hand. The hermit flees toward the door. Before he can open it -- and let inside all the walkers -- Michonne puts a sword through him. Rick and Oscar toss the body outside and, taking advantage of the distraction, race out the back door. Coleman suddenly opens his eyes. "It's happening," Andrea says. Milton begins to ask the new walker the questions about his family. The response is nothing but snarls. Against Andrea's advice, Milton removes the restraints on the body -- and Coleman immediately lunches at the would-be scientist. Andrea buries a knife in the test subject's brain. Experiment failed. The Governor then drags a half-naked Maggie into Glenn's cell. He points his gun at Glenn and Maggie spills the beans: their friends are at the prison. The Governor tries to "comfort" a shaking Maggie by hugging and kissing her. Glenn sees red. The Governor then releases Maggie into Glenn's anxious arms.Outside, Rick's small group scouts the guarded entrance to Woodbury from the tree line. Inside, the Governor asks Merle where his loyalties lie. "Here," says Merle, who knows that his brother is likely on his way to rescue Glenn and Maggie. Andrea returns to the Governor's quarters and the two embrace.
