The bus carrying Eugene, Rosita, Abraham, Glenn, Maggie and Tara speeds down a road through the woods. "Maybe they're just behind us," Maggie says to Glenn. Glenn is also hopeful and Rick and co. aren't too far behind. Eugene mentions his former boss, the head of the Human Genome Profject, and talks about how weather patterns will affect the speed at which the "cure" can be dispersed once they reach D.C.Suddenly, the bus hits something in the road, flips onto its side and slides to a stop. It's not long before walkers are approaching. Inside the bus, a semi-conscious Abraham has a FLASHBACK. He is beating a man to death with a can of soup inside a grocery store. A number of bodies are strewn nearby. Abraham AWAKENS to find walkers trying to get into the downed bus. The others kick out the back entrance, and start stabbing the undead. Tara hands Eugene a knife, and the poor guy just doesn't know what to do with it. Eventually, Eugene stabs a walker from behind. It's awkward.All the walkers are dead ... but the group's bad luck holds as the bus bursts into flames. Abraham vehemently insists they continue to push ahead on foot. Glenn calms him down, but agrees to keep going. Eugene goes back to the walker he "killed." He examines the kill, ostensibly his first. Eugene spits, stands and moves on.FLASHBACK time again. Abraham wanders through a lab calling out the name "Ellen." A dark-haired woman rises from behind a desk with a young boy and girl.Back to reality, Abraham leads the group into a library where they move shelves to build a protected base and then burn the pages of books to warm themselves. Rosita uses a needle and thread to stitch up Abraham's bleeding hand. Abraham then takes a sweep of the property and runs into Glenn. "Thank you for showing up," Abraham says. "You get it." He then observes that the world is at the point where just about anybody left will be strong. It's killed or be killed. Later, Abraham makes love to Rosita, who notices that Eugene is watching them ... again. Tara pulls Eugene away.Eugene then quietly confesses to Tara that he put broken glass in the fuel line of the bus. He never intended to put the group in danger; in fact, he never thought the bus would be able to leave the church. The reason? He believes that nobody would keep him around or share resources if he wasn't going to cure the world. So he is apparently in no hurry to get to Washington D.C. Tara promises not to tell anybody else as long as Eugene promises not to do anything like that ever again. He agrees.In a FLASHBACK, or maybe Abraham's dream, the big man approaches Ellen and the children. She cowers from him and shields the kids. "You're safe now," Abraham tells her. She shakes in fear as do the children. "You don't have to be scared now!" Abraham looks at his hands -- they're covered in blood. The next morning, Abraham leads the group across the street to the firehouse, where a firetruck with 500 gallons of water sits waiting. Abraham is able to start up the vehicle. He whoops in joy ... until the truck suddenly sputters and stops. Walkers begin pouring out of the firehouse. From the top of the firetruck, Eugene turns on the hose and begins spraying the walkers with high-pressure water. The bodies are so rotted that the water simply blows off their arms, legs, heads, etc. Back in FLASHBACK land, Abraham awakens to find that Ellen and the children are gone. A note has been left behind: "Don't try to find us." Abraham panics, and begins screaming their names in desperation. Back in PRESENT DAY the group walks over a ridge on a country road to discover a terrible stench ... and hundreds, maybe thousands, of walkers. "We are not going through this," Glenn says. "It's not going to happen." Abraham refuses to consider a detour, explaining that if you detour and hide and detour and hide and detour and hide then you suddenly find yourself trapped ... and maybe in a situation where you're forced to do something terrible.Abraham grabs Eugene and begins to drag him down the road despite Glenn's protestations. Eugene then stops everyone. "I lied," he says. "I'm not a scientist."The group is devastated. Abraham leaps to his feet and punches Eugene in the face three times. The final punch knocks Eugene out cold, and he falls forward face first onto the pavement. Abraham, horrified once again at what he has done, retreats from the group as they try to revive the profusely bleeding Eugene.Final FLASHBACK. Abraham comes across the dead body of Ellen and the children on the side of the road. Abraham puts his gun in his mouth when he hears a scream. It's Eugene being chased by walkers. Abraham puts down the gun and kills the walkers. "I have a very important mission," Eugene says.
