A helicopter flies over beautiful green fields. It is manned by military men toting weapons. Suddenly, a loud BANG. Something is wrong. The helicopter spews smoke and begins to head downward. It crashes into the tree tops. Hundreds of yards away, Andrea and Michonne -- plus Michonne's chained, armless, and jawless walkers -- see the smoke. They begin to walk toward it.Sometime later, they come upon the wrecked helicopter. Michonne chains her walkers to a tree and then goes in for a closer look. Only dead bodies remain. Just then, two battered trucks pull up carrying unfamiliar, and heavily armed survivors. A dead soldier turns into a walker -- and is promptly stabbed in the brain by the survivors' apparent leader. Andrea watches in horror. The men then find a survivor in the helicopter. Suddenly, Michonne's walkers start to strain against their chains, nearly alerting the armed men to the presence of Andrea and Michonne. Michonne quickly decapitates both the walkers -- and the men turn around and appear to leave.Suddenly, Andrea hears a familiar voice from behind. It's Merle, wearing a metal spike where his hand used to be. Merle recognizes Andrea, too. Andrea, already sick, passes out. Andrea awakens in a makeshift hospital room. Merle enters and explains that he was found nearly dead and taken in by this group of apparently well-organized of survivors. Andrea tells Merle that Daryl and Rick went back for him in Atlanta, but Merle isn't ready to forgive. Moments later, the leader -- the Governor -- enters. Andrea accuses the man of killing the helicopter pilots who had not been bitten. "It doesn't matter," he explains. "However we die, we all turn." Andrea and Michonne are shocked at the news. "And you're not prisoners, you're guests," says the Governor. He opens the doors to reveal a pristine town that is heavily guarded on all sides. Merle is one of the guards. He picks off three approaching walkers with a rifle. Efficient.The next morning, Andrea and Michonne tour the town. They are told that there hasn't been a breach by the walkers in over a month. Also, everybody in town -- all 73 of them -- must be indoors at nightfall. The Governor, meanwhile, listens to the helicopter survivor, who explains that he was holed up at a military post when one of his men was infected. Chaos ensued, and a group managed to escape in a damaged helicopter. The Governor tells the pilot that if he provides the coordinates to the post, they will look for survivors.The Governor then visits Merle, who explains that Andrea was part of a group of survivors from Atlanta. "Talk to her again," the Governor says. "See what else you can find out." He then turns to a geeky looking young man who is examining Michonne's decapitated walkers on a pair of sterile tables. The man, Milton, explains that Michonne's method of removing their jaws is brilliant. "Take away their ability to eat and they lose interest in doing so ... they become docile, in a sense." And by walking with harmless walkers, Michonne protected herself from dangerous walkers that assumed she was one of them.The Governor then eats breakfast with Andrea and Michonne, who are still wary. He explains that Bill believes the walkers do retain some vague sense of who they used to be. "Like an echo," says Milton, who asks if Michonne knew her walker captives. Michonne says nothing. The Governor then explains the difference between this survivor community and others is that the people have a sense of purpose. They have homes, jobs, schools. And if somebody or some things try to destroy that sense of community? "I'd die before I let that happen," the Governor says. He believes that humans can return to civilization.Later, Andrea and Michonne walk the almost bustling streets. Andrea urges Michonne to give the town a chance, but she resists. Andrea then asks whether Michonne knew her captive walkers. Again, Michonne offers nothing in the way of explanation. Later, the fellow soldiers of the downed helicopter pilot are gathered around trucks and equipment when the Governor drives up waving a white flag. The Governor explains that his group found their friend and colleague ... and then pulls a gun and opens fire, killing the man out front. The woods then open in a blaze of gunfire. Merle and friends are firing from nearby. It's a massacre. All the soldiers are killed. The Governor finds a man still breathing and bashes him in the head with his rifle. "Never waste a bullet," he says. "Now let's see what Uncle Sam brought us."Later, the Governor and his men, including Merle, return to town. The Governor climbs atop a Jeep and gives a heartfelt speech to the citizens about how the walkers got to the soldiers before he could. Furthermore, they will honor the soldiers' sacrifice by using their weapons and supplies to fight on. "Watch out for each other," the Governor concludes. Afterward, Andrea makes nice with the Governor, asking his real name. "I never tell," the man says. "Never." The Governor returns to his home, passes a naked woman sleeping in a bed, looks at a picture of himself with what appears to be a wife and child, and then enters a sealed room and sits down. Inside the room are tanks and tanks of severed heads floating in some kind of fluid.The Governor stares at the heads.
