Lori lies unconscious in the overturned car. A walker gnaws on the glass, trying to get to the injured prize inside. Lori awakens... and screams. Rick, meanwhile, stands over the dead bodies of the two dangerous men he killed in the bar, Dave and Tony. "Let's head back," says a suddenly sober Hershel. Rick relieves the dead men of their weapons. There is a noise outside. A car. Dave's and Tony's friends have come looking for them. Rick, Hershel and Glenn quickly hide.Back at the wreck, the walker has managed to get through the glass. Lori desperately reaches for a sharp object inside the car and stabs the walker in the eye. Lori climbs out of the car --- only to be attacked by further walkers. She reaches back into the car for her gun and opens fire, killing two of them, the last one not without a struggle. Safe. For now.After looking through the other buildings on that street, Dave's and Tony's friends return and try to gain admittance to the bar, but Glenn quickly blocks the door closed. Rick decides to reveal himself. "Your friends drew on us!" Rick yells. "We had no choice!" Suddenly, the windows of the bar explode in a hail of gunfire. Dave's and Tony's friends are not letting bygones be bygones. Back at the farmhouse, the survivors sit down for dinner and realize Lori is missing. They search for Lori and Daryl reveals that he refused to go look for Rick when Lori asked. He's done being an "errand boy." So Shane jumps in a truck. He soon comes upon Lori's wrecked car and the dead walkers. But his ex-lover is nowhere in sight. Rick, in the meantime, tries to talk down the attackers. "Just back down and nobody else gets hurt!" he yells. Glenn then hears movement from out back. He sneaks into the supply room and fires at a shadow outside the window. Rick then regroups, asking Glenn to "try for the car." Hershel will cover him. Someone opens fire on Glenn and Hershel fires. The human attacker falls to the ground, moaning in great pain. Just then, a truck pulls up. The driver tells the attackers that walkers are coming and that it's time to leave. A young attacker who had been sniping at Glenn and Hershel from a nearby roof jumps to get to the truck, but missteps. He lands hard, impaling his leg on a wrought iron fence, and the driver races off, oblivious to his friend's screams of agony. Rick and Hershel look at the wound as walkers devour the other wounded attacker. Rick decides that they can't leave the young man behind, even if he had just been trying to kill them. "That hatchet still in the car?" Rick asks Glenn. It's impromptu surgery time. Unfortunately, the walkers are closing in fast -- too fast. At the last moment, Rick takes the young man's leg and pushes upward. With a sickening sound, the leg tears free from the fence.Shane, in the meantime, finds Lori walking up the road. He lies and tells her that Rick is back at the farm "safe and sound." She sighs in relief and agrees to go back. At the farm, Carol confronts Daryl. She refuses to let him revert back to his old loner self. Furious, Daryl insults Carol in the worst way possible. "Sophia wasn't mine!" he screams. "Why didn't you keep an eye on her!" Carol cries silently, but refuses to back down. Shane and Lori return -- and the latter becomes very angry when she discovers that Rick isn't around. Shane defends his lie, saying he had to keep the baby safe. "You're having a baby?" Carl asks.Later, mom and son have a heart-to-heart. Carl asks whether they might name the baby Sophia if it's a girl. Shane then asks to talk to Lori alone. He more or less says that Rick isn't needed. Shane will keep them safe. "Like you did with Otis?" Lori asks. "What happened that night? You haven't been the same since." Lori then tells Shane that Rick knows about their affair. Shane claims their love was real. Lori won't admit to that. "You know it's true," Shane says.The next morning, Dale worries that Rick and Hershel won't come back, leaving Shane in charge. "With them gone, he's got everything he wants and nobody to tell him otherwise," Dale says. Andrea defends Shane much to Dale's bafflement and consternation. Just then, Rick, Glenn and Hershel return to the farm with the badly injured Randall. "We couldn't just leave him behind," Rick explains to the survivors. Later, Hershel fixes up Randall's leg and everybody has a meeting. Some want to let Randall heal before sending him away. Shane is convinced that Rick has messed up again and that Randall's friends will come looking for him. Soon enough, Shane is shouting and mocking.Hershel brings up the incident at the barn. "Let me make this perfectly clear once and for all: this is my farm," Hershel says. "Now I wanted you gone but Rick talked me out of it. So do us all a favor and keep your mouth shut." Shane storms out of the house. Andrea follows him. The meeting breaks up and Maggie pulls aside Glenn, who is acting strange. "I froze," Glenn explains. He is ashamed that he briefly hid during the attack at the bar. "Rick, your dad, they were counting on me and I only thought of myself!" he yells.Andrea catches up with Shane, who is very angry. Andrea tells Shane that he did the right thing at the barn and when lying to get Lori back to the farm. "Those were all the right calls," Andrea says. "It's your presentation that's the problem." Shane doesn't particularly care. He knows trouble is coming and that no one else can see it. Later, Lori and Rick try to relax in their tent. Lori brings up the Shane issue. "He thinks the baby is his," Lori says. "No matter what, it's yours... He's delusional. He's dangerous." Rick doesn't disagree. "Shane thinks I'm his," Lori continues to prod. "He thinks the baby's his. And he says you can't protect us -- that you're going to get us killed." To be continued....
