Bob, the hospital cop who fooled Sascha, runs for his life. Walkers follow. Rick follows in a squad car. "Stop!" Rick screams. Bob doesn't stop running. Rick warns Bob one more time ... then hits him with the car. "You just had to stop," Rick tells the man whose neck might be broken. Gasps Bob: "You'll die ... you'll all---" BLAM. Rick shoots Bob in the head as walkers approach. Mutters Rick: "Shut up."Gabriel walks through a school yard, past the barbecue where dearly departed Bob (the other Bob) had his leg cooked by cannibals. In fact, Gabriel spots the roasted foot, not all of it eaten, on the grill. He screams ... but is interrupted by the growl of approaching walkers. Gabriel runs back to the church, where all the doors and windows have been barred. "Please!" he screams. "Let me in!"Michonne opens the front doors to the church. Gabriel stumbles in ... followed by dozens of walkers. Michonne, Carl, Judith, Michonne and Gabriel lock themselves in the back room where Gabriel has created a hole in the floor. They escape through the hole. Outside, Gabriel, whose leg is injured, explains that he can't run anymore.Inside the hospital, Dawn works out on the exercise bike trying to reach her police force on the radio. Beth, meanwhile, cleans the office. Dawn explains that she doesn't need the love of her subordinates -- only their respect. And what happened to the man who used to run the hospital? "He lost his way," Dawn says of her former mentor.Outside the church, Michonne, Carl, Gabriel and Judith are at a loss. Where to now? Suddenly, a firetruck roars onto the lot. It's Glenn, Maggie, Rosita, Tara and Abraham ... with Eugene unconscious in the back. Glenn breaks the bad news about Eugene and the end of their plans to fix everything in Washington D.C. Michonne then shares that Beth is alive and at a nearby hospital. The group decides to head to the hospital.Inside the hospital, Dawn approaches Beth, who tells the cop in charge that there is no end to all this -- and that how they act now is what they are. Dawn explains that she saved Beth's life by bringing her to the hospital and then not telling all the officers that she killed a cop. "You're a cop killer," Beth says. "What do you think they'd all do if they found out?" As it turns out, O'Donnell has been listening the entire time.O'Donnell then tells Dawn that he is going to tell the other cops, and that it's time for a change in leadership. A struggle ensues and it ends when O'Donnell, who has stepped in front of the open elevator shaft, is pushed to his death by Beth. Dawn thanks the young survivor. Later, Beth sits in Carol's room when Dawn enters. Beth points out that all of Dawn's "trouble" officers are now no longer around -- and Dawn didn't have to do any of the dirty work. "I'm going to get out, just like Noah," Beth says. Says Dawn: "I was like you when I was younger. Nobody could tell me anything." Dawn then shares that she knows Beth knows the sleeping Carol. Dawn suggests that both of the women could be part of the future in the hospital. In the background, Carol begins to stir.Outside, Rick walks out in front of the hospital with this arms raised in surrender. A cop car pulls up and two cops step out with their weapons drawn. From the roof above, Daryl and Sascha point rifles at the cops, though the cops don't know it. Rick explains that he has two cops, Shepard and Licari, and the hospital folks have two of his, Beth and Carol. "Radio your lieutenant," Rick says softly. "I'll wait."Rick leads his captured cops into the hospital. They are met in the middle of a corridor by Dawn and her men. Carol, Beth and Dr. Steve stand behind he uniformed officers. "They haven't been harmed," Rick says. Dawn wants to know what happened to Officer Bob. It's explained that marauders got him. They then make the exchange. "Now I just need Noah and then you can leave," Dawn says.Rick explains that wasn't part of the deal. Daryl objects, too -- but Noah volunteers to give himself up. Beth won't take it, though. She approaches Dawn ... and stabs her in the chest with a pair of scissors. Dawn fires her weapon and blasts a hole in Beth's head. Daryl steps forward and shoots Dawn in the head. The groups are about to open fire when Shepard urges calm. It was about Dawn. Nobody else has to die.And nobody else does. Rick and his group walk away. They meet Maggie outside and share the terrible news. Beth is dead. Maggie falls the ground weeping as Daryl carries Beth's body in his arms.
