Buffy and the original Scoobies finally manage to find out that Adam is hiding at one of the Initiative's secret labs. Buffy figures out that Spike played them and reunites with the original gang. They decide to finish this themselves without the help of Anya or Tara. After a stupid idea by Xander, Giles comes up with a plan as he figures out a way to make Xander's idea work. Buffy, Xander, Giles, and Willow find a way into the depths of the Initiative and stop at a room near area 314, where Adam and his people hide planning to build and release an army of hybrid cyborg monsters. Buffy leaves through a secret door while the rest prepare a spell the significance of which is still not clear.Buffy finds Riley and leaves him fighting Forrest, now turned into a killer demonoid. Then she goes on to tackle Adam. Things don't look good for her at first, but then the significance of the spell is made clear: Giles, Willow and Xander invoke the powers of the primeval slayer and beg to be led with her into Buffy's body so they can defeat Adam together. It works, turning Buffy into an eerie version of herself with the powers of the primeval Slayer and the gang. After an intense fight in which she's able to use powers like creating an invisible wall to protect her from bullets and turning a small missile into doves, she manages to tear the uranium nucleus out of Adam's chest and kill him. After this, she falls down in the arms of a surprised Riley, who arrives just in time to hold her. Giving all of their strength and power to Buffy leaves the rest of the gang totally exhausted and vulnerable as a demon breaks through but Spike kills it and saves them so they decide not to stake him for his actions. Buffy, Riley, Xander, Giles, and Willow team up together with the Initiative's soldiers to stop the demon attacks saving most of them with only 40% casulties amongst the Initiative. The government decides to shut down the Initiative for good after this and fill the base with concrete.
