As Buffy, Xander and Willow walk to Buffy's house, Willow and Xander arguing who was in charge, the Captain or Tennille, and then discussing the events of the previous episode. They arrive at Buffy's house to find an open front door and the sound of breaking glass. However, they find Joyce kissing a strange man. Joyce introduces her friend, Ted Buchanan, a salesman. As he's making mini-pizza's for Xander and Willow, Joyce and Buffy are discussing Ted. Buffy is clearly not happy with Ted, even though he seems like a perfectly nice guy. Ted and Willow are now talking about her computer and Ted offers to give Willow some very expensive computer software, while Xander is praising his cooking. He's starting to seem a little like the perfect man. Ted comes over to talk to Buffy to try and make friends. He tells her that they both, him and Joyce, want her to be okay with them going out.That night, Buffy beats a vampire to an unusually bloody pulp before killing him, worrying Giles that something is troubling her. She's eager to find more vampires, to which Giles responds by saying that for their sakes he hopes there are no more. She refuses to talk, but Giles can sense there is something wrong. Buffy works her way into a ramble, going on about Ted and his mini-pizzas, which clues up Giles pretty well.The next day at school, Buffy, Willow and Xander are walking along the halls talking about Ted. Xander focusing on the point of his mini-pizzas as he loves them so much, telling her she should have at least tasted them. Buffy accepts that he's a good cook at tries to make an argument that Ted could be a really horrible person but she just manages to dig a deeper hole. Willow and Xander try to point out that it's probably just Buffy having parental issues. At this point, Ted shows up at the school telling them that he was there to upgrade the software in the guidance counselor's office and hands the upgrades over to Willow as previously offered. He then asks Buffy if she likes miniature golf as he and Joyce were thinking about taking the gang out for a game. Buffy tries to get out of it but Xander agrees for all of them.Giles walks into Jenny's classroom and greets her, telling her that some of the text books she needs were delivered to the library. Jenny knows that it was just an excuse and calls Giles on it. After Giles asks how she is Jenny tells him that she's managed to keep out of danger but she's still having trouble sleeping, and she pointedly tells Giles that she needs some space. Giles apologizes and leaves.Later that night, Buffy is talking to Angel, whilst wrapping up his hand from the wound he acquired during the previous episode, yet again, about Ted. Angel points out that she hasn't stopped talking about him since she arrived. He tells her that loneliness is just about the scariest thing there is and she should try to accept this guy into her life. Buffy tells Angel that she wishes her parents could get back together but that she knows that will never happen. She reluctantly complies with this idea.The golf outing goes poorly, as Joyce has revealed Buffy's anti-social behavior. When Buffy cheats, Ted lectures and threatens her with a slapping out of sight of the others, but his cheerfulness comes back full force when rejoining the others.The next day, Buffy tries to tell her mother about the incident at the miniature golf but Joyce doesn't believe this incident happened, claiming Ted thinks the world of her. Later that day at school, Buffy tries to recruit her friends to spy on Ted. As they are talking about him, Cordelia walks past and Xander compliments her outfit, to which she starts getting defensive trying to act as if he had just insulted her. As she walks off Xander follows and they argue about the fact that they kissed, Xander then asks to go to the utility closet to make out. She agrees.Under an assumed name, later that day, Buffy talks her way into Ted's workspace. He has never missed a day of work, doesn't get sick and is getting married in a couple of months. Indeed, Ted has a picture of Joyce on his desk but the part with Buffy is folded under.At dinner, Ted denies the engagement but confesses to Joyce that he has hopes they will. At this, Buffy tells Ted that them being engaged would make her want to kill herself and Joyce sends her to her room. Buffy sneaks out of her window for some slaying and on her return, finds Ted has read her diary. He threatens to tell Joyce about the 'Slayer' unless she toes the line. She defies him and is slapped. In the resulting brawl, Ted falls down the stairs, Joyce finds him, seemingly dead.The day after a talk with the cops, Buffy is in a haze of guilt. Willow and Xander discover Ted's cookies are drugged. Cordelia finds Ted has had four wives since 1957, all of whom have since "disappeared". That night, while Giles patrols, Jenny surprises him and apologizes for avoiding him. A vampire attacks and Jenny accidentally shoots Giles with a crossbow instead of the monster. Giles, only slightly injured, takes the shaft out of his own body and dusts the vampire.Buffy again finds Ted, who is supposed to be dead, in her room. This second fight reveals he is a robot. After knocking Buffy out, he goes downstairs to find Joyce. The Scooby Gang investigate Ted's bunker, decorated in fifties style. Xander finds the four wives; all dead. Ted confronts an astonished Joyce. His malfunctions reveal his true intentions and Joyce is thrown into a wall and is knocked unconsciousness. Recovered, Buffy knocks Ted out, for good, with a frying pan. The next day, Joyce swears off men forever and says that from now on, the two Summers women shall be man-less. Buffy suggests renting a chick flick.The gang returns to school the next day, with Buffy cleared of all charges, and discussing their discoveries about Ted. Apparently the real Ted Buchanan was a sickly and unsuccessful inventor in the 1950s whose wife left him. In desperation, he built a robot version of himself, "a better Ted", possibly to be the man he thought his wife should have. The robot then kidnapped Ted's wife and held her captive in his bunker until she died. The robot then sought out other women resembling Ted's dead wife and repeated the process again and again.All seems to have returned to normalcy... with the exception of Mr. Giles and Ms. Calendar kissing in the library.
