After making love with Buffy earlier that night, Angel escapes into the alley with a piercing pain in his heart, clearly in despair at realizing he is losing his soul. When a kind street walker tries to help him a few minutes later, he immediately, gleefully, kills her. He shows up at the factory, surprising Spike and pleasing Drusilla that the Judge cannot burn him as he doesn't have a trace of humanity left in him. Angel has truly reverted to the evil Angelus. While researching a way to defeat the Judge, a demon whom "no weapon forged" can harm, Xander and Cordelia get caught kissing in the library by a crushed and furious Willow. Xander hatches a plan to sneak onto an Army base, using memories he still retained from being a soldier on Halloween, to steal a weapon to use on the Judge. While waiting in the van for Xander and Cordelia to get the weapon, Will asks Oz, whose van they are using, if he wants to "make out". Oz goes on to explain that while he has dreamed of kissing Willow, he thinks she is only trying to get Xander jealous but is willing to wait until she is ready to want to kiss him for the right reasons. Buffy has another dream and confronts Jenny, who admits she is a member of the Gypsy clan that cursed Angelus so long ago. When Buffy asks Jenny to curse Angelus again, Jenny says that magic is lost but maybe her Uncle might know more. When they arrive at the Uncle's room they find him dead, with a message in his blood left for Buffy by Angelus. Tracking down the Judge at the crowded mall, Buffy and her team blow him to bits with Xander's stolen rocket-launcher, while Angelus and Drusilla narrowly escape the blast. The Slayer stalks Angelus through the fleeing crowd and, when he ambushes her in a snack shop, they battle ferociously under the drenching fire-control sprinklers. When Buffy hesitates spike Angelus, he taunts her, saying she just can't bring herself to kill him. Responding with a devastating kick to the groin that cause Angelus to collapse to the floor, Buffy just tuns and walks away muttering, "Give me time."
