Buffy combines her slaying with studying for the SAT in the graveyard with Giles. At school the next day, Buffy tells Willow and Oz of a test-related nightmare. Oz offers to help her study and Willow brags about how smart Oz is. Buffy tells them Giles and her Mom have her scheduled 24/7 to keep her out of trouble. They find Principal Snyder in the cafeteria handing out boxes of candy, which they are forced to sell to pay for band uniforms.Buffy sells half of her candies to her mom, who refuses to let her drive. Buffy then leaves for the library, ostensibly for the night. She sells the other half of her quota to Giles, then leaves, ostensibly for home. Instead, Buffy brings blood to Angel, who is practicing tai chi. He asks her about Scott. When she arrives home, Buffy finds her mother and Giles waiting. They send her to bed and proceed to munch on her candies.The next day, Giles fails to show up for study hall, where Xander and Willow are playing footsie. Worried, Buffy goes to Giles's place and finds her mom on the couch. Giles explains that they are rescheduling her activities to lessen her burden, and Joyce offers her car keys. After a surprised Buffy leaves, Giles lights up a cigarette and Joyce pulls out a bottle of kahlua.Giles, now "Ripper," offers to take Joyce out for some fun while Buffy frightens Willow with her driving. At the Bronze, Buffy and Willow discover a place packed with adults who are acting like teenagers, including Principal Snyder, Mrs. Barton and Willow's shirtless, stage-diving doctor. Snyder starts following Buffy and Willow. They leave with Oz.Mr. Trick checks up on Ethan Rayne and the production of the chocolate bars, then leaves to gather the "tribute."Meanwhile, Joyce notices a coat in a shop window, which Ripper destroys to steal the coat. The ensuing alarm attracts a cop who Giles beats unconscious. He and Joyce start making out on the hood of the police car.Buffy gets into a car accident and damages her mom's car. Buffy sends her friends to the library, then finds her mother and Giles kissing in the middle of the street. Buffy tries to reason with her mother with no luck. She enters the factory, taking Joyce along, and Giles and Snyder follow. Inside, Buffy finds Ethan and catches him. Her fist persuades Ethan to give up all that he knows. Trick needs to dull Sunnydale's adults to take the tribute for Lurconis.Meanwhile, four vampires enter an unguarded hospital to remove four newborn babies. The teenage researchers discover that Lurconis eats babies and Giles remembers that the demon may be found in the sewers.Buffy, Giles and Joyce crash the party underground and the Mayor flees unnoticed. Buffy defeats the vampires while Giles and Joyce retrieve the babies to safety. Trick escapes and the demon appears. Buffy pulls down a gas pipe, igniting a fire that kills Lurconis.The next day, adults have returned to their senses. Snyder promptly chooses Willow, Oz, Xander and Cordelia as volunteers to clean up the mess in the hall. Buffy complains to Giles about the SAT's. They meet Joyce, but Buffy fails to notice their awkwardness upon seeing each other.
