Xander and Willow are quizzing each other on film quotes on the outskirts of a cemetery. Willow is doing poorly. The pair comment on the quiet summer in Sunnydale since they buried the Master in the graveyard. A tender moment ensues when Xander playfully puts ice cream on Willow's nose, but just as he is about to kiss it, a vampire appears behind Willow. Xander intervenes and is barely holding out when Buffy shows up. She tells her friends about spending the summer in Los Angeles with her father. At home, her mother is a bit uneasy about Buffy's shopping spree. Hank explains that he felt guilty when Buffy appeared distant.At school, Principal Snyder expresses, again, his disgust with students. Giles spots Jenny Calendar and slips away; an oblivious Snyder babbles on. Giles finds the gang and explains that although they have closed the Hellmouth, the mystical energy still attracts evil forces to the town. He asks Buffy to resume her training after school.Whilst practicing, Buffy has a vision of the Master and begins whaling on a dummy. At night, she dreams of being killed by him, then wakes to find Angel in her room to warn her of the child-like Anointed One. Buffy coldly brushes him off. He tells her he missed her and leaves before she can reply. The next day, the young Scoobies run into Cordelia, who seems unmotivated to keep Buffy's identity a secret. Buffy heaps an insult on Cordelia that her friends find "too good." At the Bronze, Xander and Willow wonder about Buffy's behavior. Willow tries in vain to recreate the ice-cream moment. Buffy then arrives in a very revealing dress and mocks Angel. She begins a slow, sensual dance with Xander that makes everyone squirm.Meanwhile, the Anointed One and Absalom are forcing their vampires to dig up the Master's bones barehanded through consecrated earth.Back in the club, Buffy leaves Xander hanging mid-dance. Cordelia confronts her outside and tells her to get over her problems. Buffy leaves and Cordelia is kidnapped by two dark figures. They lock her into a basement with an unconscious Ms. Calender. Buffy walks to the grave that holds the bones of the Master and finds it dug up.At lunch the next day, Giles shares Xander and Willow's concerns about Buffy, who shows up to tell them about her discovery. Giles remembers some revivification spells and Buffy is angered that he never told her. Snyder shoos away the students and tells Giles he would like to expel Buffy.That night, the Scoobies learn that a revivification spell needs the blood of the "closest" person to the deceased. Cordelia's watch, wrapped around a large rock, sails through the library window. Buffy leaves for the Bronze and an obvious trap leaving everyone else behind, saying she cannot look out for them while slaying.Outside the Bronze, Buffy tries to pick a fight with Angel, who ignores her. Inside, they find one female vampire. Buffy realizes that the trap is not for her. At the same time, Giles realizes that the foreign text actually said that the ritual requires the blood of those physically nearest to the Master when he died, in other words, Giles, Willow, Cordelia and Ms. Calendar.Buffy returns to the library to find a bloody Xander, who angrily warns that if anything happens to Willow, he will kill Buffy. They go back to the female vampire, whom Buffy tortures into confession. Buffy interrupts the ritual while Angel and Xander rescue the others. Before she leaves, Buffy smashes to bits the Master's bones, and with them, her own frustrations.The next day, Buffy apologizes for her behavior and is pleasantly surprised to find herself forgiven. Meanwhile, the Anointed One gazes at the scene of destruction and exclaims, "I hate that girl."
