Gallactica meets Pegasus, and Adama's command is threatened when the captain of Pegasus outranks him. A joyous celebration turns sour at some of the secrets emerging out of the differences of the two crews, and Baltar meets a familiar Cylon prisoner aboard Pegasus.
Starbuck is discussing a plan to save the resistance group on Caprica, when reports are coming in of Cylon activity. A large ship is moving to Galactica. Then Gaeta receives colonial transponders. It's the Battlestar Pegasus, with admiral Cain on board. At first, the crew of Galactica seems overjoyed at their arrival, especially since much needed supplies are being delivered. Then reports start coming in about Cain's unorthodox ways of commanding. She also decides to merge both crews, ordering Apollo and Starbuck to join Pegasus' air group. Meanwhile a large Cylon vessel is discovered, guarded by two basestars. A reconnaissance mission is planned. Dr. Baltar is asked to interrogate a Cylon on the Pegasus. She's been tortured and turns out to be a Number Six copy.
When a large unidentified craft appears on their sensors, the Galactica expects the worse. Their fears turn to joy however when they realize that it is another Battlestar, the Pegasus, commanded by Admiral Helena Cain. There is much celebrating when the crews first meet and Commander Adama immediately puts himself under the command of the higher ranking Cain. Her commitment not to interfere with Adama's command of the Galactica is short-lived however when she decides to mix the two crews, ordering Apollo and Starbuck to join the Pegasus. The culture aboard the two vessels is quite different, with the Galactica's easy-going style in stark contrast to the severe, by-the-book, approach on the Pegasus. Admiral Cain asks Dr. Baltar to interrogate their Cylon prisoner, one of the Six variety. What he finds when he gets there is a prisoner who has been tortured and sexually molested, severely shaking him and the Number Six he sees only in his mind. When the Pegasus' chief interrogator comes aboard the Galactica to question Cylon Sharon about a large unidentified Cylon ship being guarded by two Cylon base ships, it is apparent that the interrogation will be violent. Helo and Tyrol save her from being raped but accidentally kill the interrogator and are soon court-martialed and ordered executed by Admiral Cain. Adama orders a team of Colonial Marines to board the Pegasus and retrieve them.
Galactica meets Pegasus, and Adama's command is threatened when the captain of Pegasus outranks him. A joyous celebration turns sour at some of the secrets emerging out of the differences of the two crews, and Baltar meets a familiar Cylon prisoner aboard Pegasus.
