The Cylon baby is finally born, leading to some political decisions being made. Meanwhile, the Cylons on Caprica contemplate life and humans when they meet up with a certain human from a previous episode. This story explores the Cylon world.
Nine months earlier Number Six died in Dr. Baltar's apartment and is downloaded into a new body on Caprica. Several Cylons await and try to comfort her. She also notices Dr. Baltar, but it seems she is the only one who can see him. Ten weeks later Boomer is killed by Cally and awakes on Caprica. When she realizes what happened, it freaks her out. In the present she still has trouble adjusting to her new life and keeps longing for Galactica. Number Six is asked to help out. Meanwhile Anders' resistance group seems to be still active. They are planning to bomb a café. On Galactica Boomer and Helo's baby is born. President Roslin and Adama decide the baby poses a threat to the fleet. Dr. Baltar tries to stop them from doing anything bad with the baby, but Roslin has to make a decision.
On the Galactica, Cylon Sharon gives birth to a baby girl which she and Helo name Hera. The President decides that the child cannot be raised by a Cylon and decides to tell the parents the child died. On Caprica meanwhile, the Number Six who had used Dr. Baltar to gain access to the defense systems before the attack, known to everyone as Caprica Six, is having trouble adapting after having been reborn in a new body. Similarly Sharon Valerii, who was shot by Cally Henderson and also reborn into a new body, is having difficulty accepting what has happened and is rebelling. When they meet, they realize that they are different, having both developed feelings for the humans. They decide they are going to do something about it. The resistance is still active on Caprica as well with Sam Anders and his team planning an attack.
The Cylon baby is finally born, leading to some political decisions being made. Meanwhile, the Cylons on Caprica contemplate life and humans when they meet up with a certain human from a previous episode. Some soul-searching is done by Number 6, the Sharon clone, and Lucy Lawless' character in the way that humans are treated and the definition of love. This story explores the Cylon world.
