While Tyrol decides to start building a new fighter, the Cylon virus is rearing its ugly head again. Boomer says it means a large Cylon attack is imminent.
The crew is getting agitated and demoralized. Chief Galen Tyrol yet again has to scrap a viper, Gaeta yells at Tigh when he orders him to go through the computer program line by line to get rid of the Cylon virus still causing malfunctions. Meanwhile Helo is having trouble integrating in the crew. He even starts a fight with Tyrol over Boomer. Tyrol decides it's time for a change and starts constructing a new fighter. His crew, the pilots and Colonel Tigh all think it's a waste of time. Meanwhile the malfunctions caused by the virus are getting more severe. Dr. Baltar and Gaeta find out the virus is learning, already capable of taking over all the systems and very difficult to remove. Commander Adama asks Boomer for advice. She tells him it's a prelude for an all-out Cylon attack.
The Galactica's on-board systems are continuing to act up, either failing at critical moments or suddenly activating when not required. When Apollo and Starbuck are nearly killed on the practice range - the ship computer system bleeds the oxygen from the room - Colonel Tigh orders a line by line review of the ship's computer code, a nearly impossible task. When Cylon Sharon learns what is happening, she offers to help but there is little trust and Commander Adama is prepared to shoot her on the bridge if anything goes wrong. Chief Tyrol meanwhile is growing increasingly frustrated with the ever shrinking number of fighters at their disposal. With little else to do in his off hours, he decides to build a ship from the remnants of other craft that are no longer usable. The result, a stealth fighter nicknamed the Blackbird, has to be tested and Starbuck steps up knowing the risks that she will face.
The Galactica crew decide to construct a whole new type of spaceship as a way to fight boredom demoralization. Meanwhile, they discover the Cylon virus that had attacked the Galactica intra net has learned about the battlestar and is able to kill them by taking control of it.
