"Battlestar Galactica" - "Someone to Watch Over Me" - Feb. 27, 2009Survivor Count: 39,556There are two tales in tonight's episode, in which we also learn that the work on Galactica is either not forestalling or helping to cause power outages and other problems on the ship.In one storyline Starbuck is tortured by wondering who or what she really is. She sleeps, wakes, showers, addresses the newly joined forces of viper and raptor pilots and Cylon heavy raider fighters and then drinks at night. In the bar, a composer works endlessly on a new piece at the piano.At first Starbuck is annoyed. But then she warms to the sounds- with which he says he's trying to bring beauty to an ugly world- and tries to assist him. We learn, or maybe relearn, that Starbuck's dad was a classical musician. Helo surpises Starbuck with a box of her stuff, which had been auctioned off after they thought she was dead. He had to beg, borrow and steal to get it all back. The only thing she wants is a cassette tape with the name Dreilide Thrace on it. He taught Starbuck how to play the piano and it made her happy and sad all at the same time.She and the Cylons visit with Anders. Cottle says his brain activity is unprecedented. The Cylons theorize that he's trying to reboot himself. Either way Cottle wants Starbuck to try and move on with her life and the Cylons to leave Anders alone.In a dream Starbuck sees her younger self playing the piano on the hangar deck and when she touches her own shoulder she sees the dead, skeletal vision of herself from Earth. She goes to the pianist and asks what she is. A ghost? A demon? The pianist has no answers but says sometimes lost is where you need to be.The pianist himself is lost as he tries to compose. He reveals under questioning from Starbuck that he has a broken heart over a woman he left who wanted him to quit playing the piano and make real money to help take care of their child. Starbuck says he's just like her dad, going got tough and he got going. She asks the pianist if he ever stopped thinking of himself to wonder what he was doing to his kid. The pianist says Starbuck's old man might've been wrong but he left her something, the ability to play. She says she hasn't played since he left. He tries to get her to play for him. She won't. He asks if she quit playing to punish him. He goads her into playing it. As she taps out the notes, she cries and asks him to play. He says he will if she will. They try to work it out. He hums and takes notes and she realizes the way he's writing the notes looks just like a drawing of stars that Hera gave her. They play.As the song starts to take shape the Cylons realize that it's "All Along the Watchtower." "What the frak?" say Tigh. They finish playing and the pianist holds up his finger and Starbuck blows on it like it's a smoking gun. (We see that she did the same thing as a child). They smile at each other. The other Cylons confront her. She says she's been playing the song since childhood. (She is now alone, with no pianist sitting next to her.)Starbuck listens to the tape she recovered from Helo as she lies in the hospital bed with Anders.In the second plotline, the newly elected to the Quorum Cylons want to try Boomer for treason. Adama, who hasn't forgotten the two she put in him, doesn't seem to have a problem with that. Tyrol on the other hand is freaked out.He remembers his love affair with Boomer during their pre-Cylon awakening, the cold words he said to her when he found out that she was a machine, and her dying in his arms at the other end of Cally's gun.He goes to her in the brig and they make apologies to one another admitting that they're still in love. They reach hands out to each other and even though there is glass between them Boomer is able to take them into a Cylon projection: them in a beautiful house on Paikon (sp?). At first Tyrol is unnerved by this fantasizing but eventually comes to enjoy it and look forward to it as he sees the dream home they discussed filled with love and a daughter.Tyrol meets with the other Cylons - the Tighs and Tory- who are all okay with throwing Boomer under the bus. Ellen says they can't present themselves as gods only assist Boomer at trial and let justice run its course. A still mourning Tigh doesn't seem to care either way.Tyrol goes to Roslin and begs her not to let Boomer be extradited to the Cylons. He says she doesn't have to be killed she can be left in the brig. Roslin disagrees calling her a danger who preys on people's emotions. Roslin signs the extradition order. Adama stands by this decision.Beside himself with grief and anger he approaches the work area and abducts another Eight.In the brig we hear someone saying that every time the power goes out someone has to come down and check the locks. Hmm... A marine asks Tyrol if he'll be staying since Boomer is getting shipped out the next day. He says no and we see on the cot in the cell that he has switched Boomer for the other Eight and Boomer walks free.She goes into the officer's shower and confronts Athena, who recognizes her. They fight, or more succinctly Boomer kicks Athena's ass. As she washes the blood off her hands, Helo enters and tries to get her into bed before she takes off for deep space thinking Boomer is Athena. When he starts to wonder if something is amiss, she distracts him by making out feverishly with him and disrobing.They regard each other like sparring partners as they prepare to make love. The real Athena awakes, bloodied in a locker and sees their writhing and moaning.Tory, Ellen, and Tigh drink and discuss Anders.Boomer/Athena goes to pick up Hera from daycare. Boomer/Athena and Tyrol hoist a small crate onto Athena's raptor. (The implication being Hera is inside it.) Boomer asks Tyrol to come with her. He can't. She wants him to know that no matter what happens everything she told him about their love was true and heartfelt. They kiss and for a moment their back in their house on Paikon. (So if I have this straight Tyrol put a no-name Eight in the brig, Boomer incapacitated Athena to take her raptor and her child, and Athena sits in the closet. It would appear that Tyrol doesn't know about Hera).Helo is giving a tutorial to the fighter pilots when the injured Athena emerges and explains. Helo alerts the CIC that Boomer is loose and has Hera.Adama orders Boomer's raptor not to take off, Boomer disobeys and powers up. Hot Dog is sent to intercept if she takes off. Boomer admits she has Hera on board. Roslin, lying down in her quarters, is starting to realize something. Boomer prepares to jump her raptor within the ship, which Tigh tells us, will tear the ship's guts out.As the flight pods retract Boomer just gets her raptor out but damages her wing and is flying wildly and then jumps, causing a huge explosion and major destruction to the side of the ship. "Hera," Roslin whispers and collapses.Tyrol is directing engineers when he hears Athena yelling at someone, wondering how they let a three year old slip past on the flight deck. Tyrol realizes with horror what happened.In the daycare Ellen realizes that her escape from the Cylons via a "repentant" Boomer must've been orchestrated by Cavil all along. Tigh wonders how a 3-year-old could spontaneously write down the song. Ellen says she's plugged into something that's manipulating them all. Ellen says maybe Anders can help. "If he ever wakes up," says Tigh.As we hear the Dreilide Thrace piano music play we see the chief project himself in the Paikon dream house and search it frantically. Both Boomer and his daughter are gone. He sinks to his knees.(So is Starbuck the daughter of the Cylon model Seven, the musician "Daniel," and that's why she and Hera have a connection to each other and the song?)
