Previously on "Battlestar Galactica": The Cylon baseship jumped with Roslin (Mary McDonnell), Helo (Tahmoh Penikett) and Baltar (James Callis) aboard -- causing Adama (Edward James Olmos) to freak out, send the military blindly pursuing where
they might have gone, and fail to return Interim President Tom Zarek's (Richard Hatch) calls. This, in turn, freaks out the Quorum, which decides that if Adama won't recognize Zarek's administration,
he's no good to them. Lee Adama (Jamie Bamber) enlists the help of Romo Lampkin (Mark Sheppard) to find a new interim president, someone his father will recognize, and Lampkin comes to the conclusion that the only person for the job is...Lee Adama. Then again, Romo's hallucinating dead cats, so we may find out his judgment isn't what Lee thinks it is.In the end Adama decides he's too emotionally close to Roslin's disappearance to lead the fleet, so he relinquishes command of Galactica to Tigh (Michael Hogan) -- who, by the way, we find out has knocked up Caprica Six (Tricia Helfer). Adama climbs into a Raptor to wait for the baseship's return, and to catch up on a little light reading, as the rest of the fleet jumps away...bringing us to this week's episode...."The Hub." (June 6, 2008)Having seen events from the perspective of the remaining crew aboard the Galactica, the episode opens at the point of the base ship's jump, two days prior. Roslin asks one of the Eights (Grace Park) to plug in the Hybrid (Tiffany Lyndall-Knight), saying " I need to talk to it.""Let God's will be done," Baltar says quietly, and Roslin cuts him off: "Shut up. I need to get some answers."Unfortunately, the only answer the Hybrid has to offer takes all of them by surprise: "JUMP!" The Colonial fleet watches as the ship shrinks to a point of light.What we see next is, well, interesting.Roslin is standing by herself in an empty but familiar looking hallway. She absorbs her surroundings calmly, with a slight look of confusion. Then she turns around to see a figure behind her. It's Elosha (Lorena Gale), Roslin's old friend and spiritual guide, who died (in season two) during a ground mission to Kobol. Roslin elatedly embraces her...her view
stretches and goes hazy......as the base ship completes its jump, and she's back with the others. "Filters. Filters. The sublime elevation of the..." The Hybrid is babbling again. "Where are we?" Roslin asks
curtly."We're more concerned about why we're here," the Eight responds. Baltar offers to talk to the Hybrid, to find out why. Helo says, "She can just do that? She can just ---""JUMP!" The Hybrid screams again, and Roslin's back with Elosha. The Priestess tells Roslin that they're on Galactica, an empty version of it. "Will you walk with me?" she asks."It's so quiet. Stange," Roslin says."A lot of things are strange," Elosha replies, and leads her into a room with someone lying on a gurney, exhaling a death rattle. Roslin takes a closer look and sees...an
emaciated version of herself.Roll those beautiful opening credits!Survivor count: 39, 673.Schwing!!! The jump completes, and Roslin returns to reality. The Hybrid babbles something about the Six being in the stream. The Eight says it's unusual for the Hybrid to jump again so quickly. (Well, as someone else pointed out a few weeks ago, you know what happens when a computer is improperly shut down...) Roslin asks what it all means.Baltar, still wanting and willing to chat up the Hybrid, interjects: "Look, it knows me. It trusts me. I think it even likes me!" Clearly Baltar's role during this mission is to lighten things up by providing comic relief. Then again, isn't that usually the case?The Eight says the Hybrid is disorganized and panicking. Everyone is ignoring Baltar as he kneels down by the Hybrid and asks her why she's jumping the ship.Amazingly, the Hybrid responds. What do you know, he's good for something! "The Six...The Six who went among the makers is no longer. End of line. Back in the stream that feeds the
ocean that feeds the stream."The Eight surmises that the Hybrid has figured out that Natalie has either been hurt or killed aboard Galactica. Roslin asks the Eight if she can calm her down and ask her to jump
back. The Eight explains that the Hybrid makes her own decisions, and on top of that, they can't unplug her now because she's wired herself into life support.In other words: Do not tick off the Hybrid. Baltar lamely shushes the Hybrid, and approaching her like he'd step to a Hooters waitress wielding an axe, says, "Heeeey...stop jumping the ship, all right?"The Hybrid replies in a softer voice, "Calm your mind. Cease countdown. Cease countdown. Circulation...ventilation...control. Filters." Baltar doofishly celebrates what he concludes is his ability
to open himself up spiritually to the Hybrid, then --"JUMP!!!!"Roslin is with Elosha again...and her dying self. Lee Adama, Kara Thrace, Doc Cottle, and Admiral Adama stand by her deathbed.Elosha leans over the dying Roslin and says, "Don't you just hate these people?" The figure on the bed moans what sounds like "no," to which Elosha offers, "Oh, but you don't love
them either."The people in this room are the closest you've got to family, and you...you've been their President," the priestess continues, weighing that last word with contempt."Watch them try to comfort each other. At least you haven't taken that away from them. Yet. You haven't robbed them of their empathy. Yet. Just don't make room for people anymore.
You don't love people. Is that clear enough, practical enough for you, Madam President?"Schwing!!! The baseship is back. The Eight, communicating with the ship, observes that they seem to be moving toward the Resurrection Hub. Looks like the mission is still on. Problem is, they always seem to be slightly behind the Hub. Sometimes they show up within six hours of it being at the coordinates, sometimes within six minutes.They won't know where,
or when, they'll be at the right place at the right time. They have to assume that any jump can be the right one. This news distresses Helo.The Eight and Helo also realize that the Cylon ships will detect the electronics on the Vipers the moment they arrive, but come up with a plan: Launch the Vipers dead, get them within range of the Hub, destroy it and then settle in for the big fight. Helo, getting more excited as he talks to the Cylon who happens to be an exact copy of his wife, then begins strategizing
about how to get onto the Hub in time to unbox the D'Annas (Lucy Lawless). Then an expression clouds his face, and he comes back to the reality that this mission is FUBAR before it even has a chance
to kick off -- and that's not Athena by his side."We can do this," the Eight assures him. He counters that it's crazy. She goes over to massage his shoulders, and he gets up uncomfortably. He reveals that Athena, his wife, had to learn to perform
the traditional Wifely Rubbing Out of the Shoulder Kinks, and that she never did that when he met her. The Eight looks at him longingly, then reveals that she got curious about Athena,
Helo and Hera, so she accessed Athena's memories from the last download. Meaning: Athena's memories are now in this Eight. Now all of us watching at home must wonder if what we suspect might happen in this episode counts as cheating.The Eight offers that she realizes this must be a violation of Helo's trust. "I don't want it to be strange, OK?"Helo says, "Right. Sure." Clearly out of sorts with the situation, he retreats to the Raptor, where Roslin is camped out reading "Searider Falcon." She thanks him for the use of the Raptor and assures Helo that she'll return it to Pike (Ryan McDonell) presently.About that, Helo replies. The mission is very risky.But Roslin's resolve is cemented in place. If there's even a chance that they can go in a blow up that Hub and end Cylon resurrection for all Cylons forever, they have to take it, the President says, adding that if and when D'Anna is awakened and brought back, she is to be brought to her.Helo replies that the Cylons want both parties to interrogate D'Anna at the same time. "I'm sure they do," Roslin counters, then repeats, "Bring her to me."She explains that if D'Anna knows the identities of the Final Five, and they're in the Colonial fleet, that is a matter of security and that she does not want the Cylons to be party
to that discussion. Helo stiffly offers a, "Yes, sir" and exits the Raptor.Cut to: The Resurrection Hub, wherever that may be. The D'Anna awakens, and standing over her is Boomer and Brother Cavil (Dean Stockwell). D'Anna tells Cavil weakly that she thought she'd never have to go through a resurrection again."I lied," he said."You thought you were putting me away forever," D'Anna said. "What changed?"Civil war, Cavil answers. He fills her in: Ones, Fours and Fives against Two and Sixes and Eights, the models that objected to her retirement. Now the Twos, Sixes and Eights are working with the humans
against them. D'Anna sits up and, seeing Boomer, asks her why she isn't with her sister models on the other side. Cavil explains that Boomer is his "pet Eight," which should do wonders for their burgeoning relationship. She's seen the light of reason, he continues, adding that she makes a passionate ally."So she sees something shiny," D'Anna snipes bitterly, reclining into her goo bath and asking again why she was brought back. Cavil explains that he brought D'Anna back to heal the rift and end the civil war.After a commercial break we return to the Rebel base ship, where the Viper pilots and their Cylon allies are being briefed on the details of this FUBAR mission. The Eight is standing by Helo, looking and acting suspiciously like Athena. They explain that because friendly Cylon Raiders look like the enemy,
they'll be painted with distinct insignias. Seelix offers a bitter rejoinder along the lines of, "Well, zippity-do-dah!" This touches off some tension between the human pilots and the Sixes and Eights that will be flying the Raiders. Helo explains that the Vipers will be towed in on cables, engines cold and Dradis contact off, by the Cylon Raiders until they're in range of the Hub.As soon
as they're in striking distance of the Hub they'll power up and head straight for it. Helo further explains that small charges are attached to the cables to cut them so they'll be
able to fly independently of the Raiders when the time is right.One of the pilots asks if the humans have control of the charges, and the Eight with Athena's memories says no, the Cylons will. Loud griping among the humans commences, until the Eight shuts down the pity party by pointing out that they've all flown with Cylons before, and Athena specifically, and that she has never betrayed them. They put their lives in her hands. Besides, once the Hub is destroyed, the gaggle of blondes and Sharons flying with them will be risking just as much as they will, so everyone had better shut up and nut up.Amazingly, this works. The crowd simmers down, and Helo casts a proud gaze at the Eight who looks and acts like his wife, but is not his wife.The Hybrid chamber: Roslin is kneeling over the Hybrid asking her about the opera house, but the Hybrid isn't responding. Baltar attempts to ask the same question, except more loudly and annoyingly. "I had a vision!" Roslin says forcefully. She describes what she saw to the Hybrid, that one of the Sixes and Baltar were carrying a child off with them."She's not listening," Roslin concludes with frustration, only to hear the Hybrid babble, "Protect the child. Protect the child."This excites Baltar, who yells that since he was the one holding the child in the vision, he is charged with protecting the child. A mildly perturbed Roslin informs him that it wasn't at clear what he was doing in the vision, and asks him to shut his pie hole so she can listen.The Hybrid offers, "Booting up."Roslin and Baltar begin to squabble about who is more successful at getting a response out of the Hybrid. Baltar insists he's focusing on the Hybrid, and that's getting a response, but Roslin
shoots him down, observing that all he seems to be doing is screaming at it.So he screams at the Hybrid, demanding again that she tell them what happened in the opera house...and gets no answer...until the Hybrid says, "Close the doors." Roslin, panicking now, begs Baltar to tell
the Hybrid to open the doors again, but Baltar whines his refusal."All right then, I'll do it!" Roslin snaps before yelling at the Hybrid, "Open the door!"The Hybrid sits up and forcefully declares, "THREE. The Three is online. The Three is online."Roslin comprehends. The D'Annas are online! This is good, the President babbles, as the Hybrid continues to prattle on:"Accessing data...loading data...organizing attributes...booting up, booting up..JUMP!"Roslin returns to Elosha, standing over her dying self. "Why are we doing this again? I don't want to see this again."Elosha observes, "The ancients used to say, a people are only as strong as the body of its leader."Roslin follows that thought by asking if that means that humanity dies because she dies. "If you're my subconcious, I've got to say you're a little full of myself.""Humanity didn't die because you did," Elosha explains. "The ancients, they got a lot of things wrong." She goes on to say that the body of the people is not the same as the body of their leader, but the soul and the spirit might be.Roslin sarcastically jokes that Elosha is only laying morality on her people. That's OK, she says, observing that their are a lot of people whose sins far outweigh hers."You're thinking of Gaius Baltar," Elosha offers, and as they walk towards her deathbed, Roslin sees Adama reading to her, presumably from "Searider Falcon."The passage seems particularly portentious. Adama reads, "and I dug into the stump and pulled rocks from the ground until my fingers bled. I collected seeds from the few fruits
the island offered and planted them in long, straight furrows, like the ranks of soldiers. When I finished I looked at what I had done. I did not see a garden. I saw a scar. This island
had saved my life, and I had done it no service."The jump completes.Baltar walks to the door of the Hybrid chamber and encounters a Centurion, its red electronic eye flashing back and forth. For some reason he decides that this is a being with whom he can share his rainbows."I can see a real hierarchy around here, and I have to tell
you, you're on the lower end of the scale my friend. Yes, you are. Which is odd, when you think about the Cylon God....They told you about God, didn't they?" The Centurion appears to turn his attention
to Baltar, who really needs to stop poking the bear.Roslin talks to Helo, informing him of what the Hybrid said about the D'Annas and repeating that the Three is to be brought to her. She coughs and, suddenly appearing weakened, sits down. Helo
reveals that he's afraid that Roslin's strategy to keep the D'Annas's intel from the Cylons doesn't seem honest. Roslin's supposed to be conducting a fair deal, he
says, and instead she wants to make off with what she knows.Roslin admits that's what she's doing, and goes on to point out that if the Cylons had the same option, that's exactly what they would do. Helo shakes his head. "No, I don't think so. Not the Sharons.Not the Eights.""Captain," Roslin retorts calmly but with no small amount of force, "you are not married to the entire production line. I cannot afford to be sentimental right now, and I cannot afford for you to be sentimental
either." She suggests that if he can't carry out her orders, he should find someone who will.The shipwide klaxon goes off. "What is that? Roslin asks. Helo infers the alert to mean they've arrived.Yes! At last! A good ol' fashioned CGI space battle. Man, it's been a while.After a break, we cut to D'Anna's resurrection chamber at the Hub: "Something's going on," Boomer says. She mentions another base ship is in range that's not on the schedule. D'Anna moans, asking Cavil why he hasn't asked about the Final Five, and Cavil responds that he doesn't believe the Cylons are meant to know them."I'll tell you," she threatens. "...I'll start shouting out their names. Why do you risk it?" Cavil asks her if she's going to help end the civil war, or if she's useless? Boomer says that 25 Heavy Raiders just launched from the baseship and are heading their way. The signature soundtrack that heralds there's ass-kicking 'round the corner thumps rhythmically in the background. Seelix, being towed in her Viper, kvetches, "C'mon, let's get this carpool started." We hear ya, sister!Then the Raiders speed up, and Seelix begins to panic. "Cut the cables now, you frakking bastards!" she screams. True to their word, they do. The Raiders break from formation and converge on a nearby baseship, leaving the Vipers to head for the Hub.In the Resurrection chamber, D'Anna feels her inhibitions lifting. Boomer realizes the recently arrived base ship intends to destroy the Hub. Cavil tells the D'Anna that would be mass murder, permanent death for all Cylons. They've gone insane! he concludes. "Permanent death?" D'Anna asks coolly. "Well, that makes makes this all the more meaningful."Without warning D'Anna goes all Xena on Cavil, reaching out of her goo bath, grabbing him by the throat and in one sure motion, breaking his neck. Cavil crumples to the floor and a horrified Boomer runs out of the room. D'anna rubs her temples and tries to remember where she left her chakram and her li'l blonde sidekick.The Vipers blow the Hub's FTL, disabling its ability to jump. Helo and I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena head down to retrieve Xena...er, D'Anna.On the rebel base ship Baltar, that dumbass, is continuing to shower the Centurion with God's love, specifically God's disapproval of the idea of any of his creations being slaves. The Centurion seems peeved at this. Baltar tries to soften the blow by saying, "Not that you're a slave...exactly."As the battle rages on, Helo and I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena board the Hub and find D'Anna, who has donned a lovely terry cloth robe. She seems surprised to see both of them, but doesn't have time to register this since the Hub is clearly about to blow. Helo and Not Athena grab D'Anna and beat cheeks back to the Raptor.In the battle, an as-yet-alive Pike has been hit and tells Seelix he's going to jump back to Galactica. Seelix warns him he'll never make it back. Screw it, he says, he's jumping back home. Before he can press the button an enemy Raider scores on him, breaking his windshield with its shot and hitting him in the face. With his last moment of consciousness, Pike hits his jump button, blinking out -- in more ways than one.Vipers score more hits on the Hub as Helo is evacuating with I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena and D'Anna. On the way out he runs past a large area and sees scores of resurrection pods on fire. He pauses, looking horrified.I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena gently takes his arm with a faux wifely, "Karl...c'mon let's go." A closer focus reveals the face of an Eight, but an explosion breaks his sad reverie. Time to fly.As the Rebel base ship fires upon the Hub, Baltar is relating the details of a Pavlovian experiment a Centurion, which seems to be getting more ticked off by the second. Its annoyance doesn't last for long -- as the Hub's defenses return fire, the Rebel base ship takes a huge hit, resulting in a nearby explosion that throws Baltar several feet and takes the Centurion apart. Baltar tries to sit up, only to realize he's taken some shrapnel in the gut. The wound is a bloody geyser.The President and a guard grab him and lie him down on a table, where she pulls out a med kit and administers treatment. The guard runs off to parts unknown."Looks like you're going to live," she says, "again.""What's that supposed to mean?" he asks, and then adds, "you're very pretty." She quips that the painkiller works fast, and he asks her why she thinks he'd tell her that right now."Because you're doped out of your mind?" No, he replies. "Because I know God. You need God. You'd really be a different woman. I know God, and therefore I know myself." He goes on to explain that he was harboring the most awful, desperate, heavy and dark guilt, but that God has absolved it and transformed it.Roslin asks him what his guilt was about, and he drops his secret like the Easter Island statue-sized boulder that it is: He tells her that it was he who gave the access codes to the Cylons.Roslin looks like she's just been hit in the side of the with a baseball bat."Of course, I didn't know that that's what I was doing at the time, exactly, but that's that I did. And when I realized what I had done, the magnitude, and in that moment I was saved, I was loved by God...Looking back, I think I was rewarded," he whispers."Rewarded," Roslin repeats almost inaudibly. She begins shaking ever so slightly, the way anyone would if she were to realize she has just bandaged up Hitler. As she visibly goes into shock, Baltar relates a prophecy about a flood, a flood that wipes out humanity. Nobody blames the flood, he says. A flood is a force of nature. Through the flood, mankind is rejuvenated.Then Baltar's eyes go all crazy, and he likens himself to the flood. "You see, I blamed myself...but God made the man who made that choice. God made us all perfect. And in that thought, all my guilt flies away! Flies away like a bird! I can give you that peace, that freedom. Pray with me."She agrees, getting down on her knees. Once she's down on the ground, she sees the amount of Baltar's blood still dripping onto the floor in spite of her efforts
to patch him up. She stands up calmly and removes the bandage around the wound on his stomach."Shhh," she whispers. "It's all right. You're fine.""What are you doing?" he asks weakly, then begs, "please...don't do this to me." She tosses the bloody bandage to the floor and watches as his blood runs out in a river.Back to the battle: Helo and I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena tell the squadron that they have D'Anna and have cleared the Hub, and order them to commence the nuclear strike. Vipers rain nukes down on the Hub, and it explodes into a ball of flame.D'Anna looks on from the Raptor and asks I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena if she realizes that now every Cylon in the universe will begin to die. "Yes," I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena replies, "and it's a good thing, D'Anna. Because now there's no difference." She looks over at Helo meaningfully and adds, "We need to start trusting each other."On the base ship, Roslin has her back turned on Baltar, her fingertips touching in what looks like prayer, as Baltar continues to beg for his life. She softly murmurs, "No" and stares ahead blankly. But the base ship jumps, bringing her back to Elosha."I'm not saying Baltar has done more good than harm in the universe," Elosha states. "He hasn't. The thing is, the harder it is to recognize someone's right to draw breath, the more crucial it is. If humanity is going to prove itself worthy of surviving, it can't do it on a case by case basis. A bad man feels his death just as keenly as a good man."Roslin looks at her dying self and asks, "What do you want from me, here?"Admiral Adama, still at her dying self's bedside, softly speaks her name. "Just love someone," Elosha concludes.Roslin looks at her own dying face again. "Love," she says. "Huh."Her heart monitor flatlines, and Adama kisses her lips. "You know. You know the rest now. I'm not going to be selfish anymore," he says, holding Roslin's hand. "You know the rest."The jump completes, and Roslin realizes what she's done. She runs over to Baltar, who lies still on the table, and tries to revive him.Now aboard the base ship, I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena tells Helo to take D'Anna to the control room, but Helo says, "That's not the plan."Plan? I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena is confused.Helo tells her that the President ordered him to bring D'Anna to her. I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena, shocked, says that's not part of the deal.D'Anna, looking slightly amused by all the fuss, interjects. "Double dealing. It's very human. You never got that, Eight."Helo tries to make it all better by telling her that he doesn't agree, that he's just following orders. But like Horton the elephant, I-Can't-Believe-It's-Not-Athena is the kind of Cylon who meant what she said, and said what she meant. (An Eight is faithful, 100 percent!) Hence, she is not happy."So I pretty much just made a prize fool out of myself, didn't I?" She starts to cry, and backs away. "Trust," she utters like a curse word.But D'Anna's impatient. "Can we go find the president now?"In the chamber, D'Anna sees Baltar and runs to him, alarmed. She concludes that he's injured but he'll probably make it. Roslin tells Helo to keep everyone else out, no matter what the cost. D'Anna observes it's going to take a long time to jump back, and Roslin replies she has the time. D'Anna scoffs. "Is that right?"She chastises Roslin for deceiving her allies to bring her here, and Roslin tells her that she wants the identities of the Final Five."So you know about the Final Five," D'Anna says, easing into a recliner.Roslin says she knows they're supposed to know the way to Earth.D'Anna, looking smug, replies. "But you don't know  you're one of them?" What-what-WHAT?! as Mrs. Broflovski might say.Roslin doesn't register the ramifications of this statement at first, but then she straightens up, and her face twists into the "you did not just say that" look. And for a moment, we're a little miffed that Sci Fi spoiled this exchange in last week's teaser.Fortunately D'Anna begins laughing. Only a joke! No, no, she says. Now that she's the only Three left in the universe, she's not spilling her guts that easily. She has to start looking out for herself."I'll tell you who the Final Five are when you take me back to your fleet," she said. "Oh by the way, Laura -- I would have said the same thing if you had met me with a whole bunch of Cylons. Because I don't trust anyone right now. So all this deception? A huge waste of time."Roslin grins to herself, realizing that she is fortune's fool.Cut to: The Hybrid chamber. Roslin sits by the Hybrid's bath and listens as the Hybrid babbles about disconnecting tubes and wiring. She smiles, appear to at last understand the futility of placing so much significance in this fusion of man and machine. The base ship jumps."You lied to me," Roslin calmly states. She's still sitting in the Hybrid chamber, but now Elosha is sitting with her. "Did I?" Elosha says."I thought I was earning humanity's life to survive," Roslin replies.Elosha breathes a laugh. "It's not a vending machine, Laura. You don't save a life and then, 'Cue the celestial trumpets, here's the way to Earth!'"The Hybrid yells, "JUMP!" Elosha empathizes, observing that all these jumps, these little limping steps back to Earth, must be disorienting, but Laura confesses that she's grown to like it, because every step brings them closer to Galactica. "My home," she says. "Maybe there's something there for me.""Maybe even closer," Elosha tells her.On cue, we cut to Adama's lonely Raptor, floating in the black. The Old Man's asleep when a flash awakens him: The base ship has returned.Adama bolts upright, gets into the pilot seat and straps in. Next thing we know, he's on the base ship. The Raptor's door opens, and Roslin is there waiting for him. He steps out, and they smile at each other -- just warmly at first, then more lovingly as each moment passes. Poignant violin strains swell behind them as he steps close to her, and a tear rolls down her cheek."Missed you," Adama tells her."Me too," she says through tears. Then they do what all people who have crushes on each other do after staring horrible, fiery death in the face and realizing that life's too short to fight the true love plopped down in front of their noses. They...hug. HUG?!"Love you!" she whispers in his ear, and we think, now. Now! Can we get a kiss now? He squints meaningfully, then pulls back to look at her face. He places his hand on her shoulder and kisses her...forehead.Bah!"About time," Adama gruffly growls.End of line.
