Demetrius. Mission to find Earth. Day 58.Helo walks into Starbuck's quarters and discovers what a busy artist she's been -- paintings of star systems and planets cover the walls. One looks like Saturn."Captain..." he says, but she doesn't answer at first. "Captain!" She finally turns around and notices him, telling him she's glad to see him. She holds out a sheet of a star system
asking what he thinks, and he reminds her that they've been to that same star system twice already and found nothing. "Third time's the charm, maybe?"Helo gives Starbuck a look that makes it clear he thinks she's gone around the bend, so he diplomatically asks if she's getting any sleep."Not much," she admits. "It was so clear when I first got back," she says, adding that if she just focuses, she can find it again. Then she says she's going out on the next recon with HotdogHelo isn't exactly thrilled at the prospect.Back on Galactica, Church with Benefits: A woman is talking to Gauis Baltar, angrily holding up a picture of her family. They were killed by Cylons."What do you feel when you look at this photograph?" he asks."I feel rage!" she replies. Towards the Cylons? She shakes her head. "Not just the machines. Anyone involved." The engineers who designed them. The corporations and politicians who failed to take action, she says...and the gods. Nothing on Baltar's face indicates his acknowledgment of his role in the extinction of the human race. But then, he's comfortably wrapped
in regal purple and gold, obviously settling into his role as a prophet. Then he starts speaking into a microphone -- oh dear, he has a radio show!He tells his listeners that the gods cannot be blamed for standing by and doing nothing, because the human race was praying to entities that did not exist."We have been pandering to our own ignorance for far too long," he says. Meanwhile, one of his listeners happens to be Chief Galen Tyrol, who has shaven his head and is steadily
jumping rope to Baltar's sermon in his headquarters. After a few moments, he turns off the radio, and Nicky immediately starts crying. Tyrol caves and turns the radio on again. Nicky
settles down to the sound of Baltar's voice. Interesting.Back on the Demetrius, Athena expresses her opinion to Helo that Starbuck is whacked, and is concerned that she's going to push the crew's go-back date to the last second. When she
sees Starbuck in her pilot gear, she says to Helo, "You've got to be joking."Other members of the crew also start whining, but Helo bellows to them to settle down. Only two more days, he says, and then they go back to Adama.Hotdog and Starbuck head out to do recon, and at first see nothing. Hotdog asks Starbuck for orders, but all she can mutter is, "Come on...come on...I know you're out there..."Suddenly they register Dradis contact. A Heavy Raider! An injured Cylon ship spins toward them; it's clearly disabled. Starbuck wonders why it's not speaking to them or shooting them.Then she hears a familiar voice. "I knew I'd find you.... that you'd be out here searching."Starbuck pauses. "Leoben?""I'm here to offer a truce between Cylon and human," he says, "and a chance for you to complete your journey."Roll credits!Survivor count: 39,676. Um...did somebody have a kid?Demetrius. Kara has docked the Heavy Raider and brings Leoben aboard. A search reveals no heavy weapons and no nukes -- Leoben was traveling light. Gaeta remarks that Starbuck's taking a heck of a chance, but Helo counters, "If he wanted to kill us, we'd all be dead by now.""Which means he wants something else," Athena interjects.Enter Leoben, hands cuffed behind his back. The crew is freaking out and roughly takes him into custody, weapons drawn. Leoben remarks how much Starbuck's changed since he saw her on New Caprica."I'm the same person," she replies, but he disagrees."God has taken you and purged you of the questions and the doubt. You journey can now begin," Leoben says, adding that he knows the crew doesn't trust her. A few of the guards try to take him away, but Leoben yells out something about the blue planet, surrounded by clouds. Starbuck tells them to stop. Leoben continues that he remembers how beautiful she says it was, and tells her that she needs to go to the Hybrid."She'll tell you things," Leoben says. "Amazing things." Starbuck orders her men to take Leoben to her quarters. You can see doubt creeping onto Helo's face.Back on Galactica, Chief is on the hangar deck, staring out into the airlock. Tory comes down and says that she's heard talk about how much time he's spent here, going over the accident over and over again. "Accident," Chief whispers bitterly, saying that Cally was on anti-depressants. How does she go from that to suicide?"She was disturbed," Tory says."She would have left me," Chief replied. "She would never have left Nicky behind."Then perhaps she was murdered? Tory offers. Maybe she knew that he was a Cylon. Maybe it was God's will, and it was for the best, and she prattles on about God's plan for them to realize who they are and
to become their Cylon selves."You've been spending way too much time with Baltar," Chief says bitterly.The Demetrius. Sam comes back from a recon mission and hears about what's going on with Leoben in Starbuck's quarters. He burst into Starbuck's bedroom and sees Leoben close to Starbuck, helping
her paint. In a rage, Sam roughly throws Leoben to the ground, and has him carted off despite Starbuck's protests."I swear to Gods this is not a dream. It's real," she says. But, no matter. Flash to another place on the Demetrius, where a cuffed Leoben is on the ground, waiting for Sam to beat him.Leoben tells Sam it's good that he's there with Starbuck and they're trying to work things out. "You weren't meant to be enemies," he says,"No," Sam tells Leoben, "that would be you and me." Sam punches Leoben in the face and demands to know what he wants."The same thing I've always wanted: For her to understand her destiny...What is the most basic article of faith?" Leoben continues. "That this is not all that we are."Then Leoben says, "Seabucks rule," which throws Sam for a loop. Leoben says he saw Sam play -- he was good. But after all the fame and celebrity, Leoben asks, what was there? Sam had
to know he was destined for something greater.Then Leoben reveals what's really going on: His base ship was attacked. The battle lines have been drawn between the Cylons who embrace your nature, Leoben says, and those who fear it. Leoben proposes that the humans and the Cylons who understand them form an alliance. "You save us from our savage brothers, and our Holy One, the Hybrid, will show Kara the righteous path, and together they'll lead us to the Holy Land.""Together, we will find Earth," Leoben finishes, but his proposition lands on deaf ears as Sam walks away.Sam reports Leoben's story and proposal to join forces back to the crew, and they're less than pleased. Gaeta can't believe Sam even halfway believes Leoben, and opines that jumping back to his base ship for a chat with the Hybrid is suicide.Athena points out that the Demetrius is running on fumes and will be overdue to join the fleet in two days. She says Starbuck is out of control. "We've got to do something before she takes
us all down with her." (Hmmm...could this be the sleeper task programmed into Athena? After all, it was her model that split between Cavil's side and the Sixes and Leobens. Who really knows what her Cylon self wants?)"Are you talking mutiny?" Helo says angrily, telling her that she needs to stop making cracks about Starbuck and splitting the crew's allegiance."Starbuck is leading us into a trap," Athena continues, and envisions a scenario in which they jump to Leoben's base ship, and he takes the freighter and all the nav coordinates with it.A voice pipes in from the periphery. "Well, we'll just have to keep that from happening." Starbuck is standing behind them. She orders the crew to prepare the Demetrius to jump to the coordinates where
Leoben's base ship is waiting.Back at Church with Benefits: Tory and Baltar finish doing the nasty, and Baltar asks her if the President has been apprised of his broadcasts. Actually, Tory says, she told the President all about them
and suggested she alert Adama. Baltar shares his fear that the Admiral will come down on him, but Tory tells him to unbunch his underpants..and put 'em on, along with the rest of his clothes."The truth is, you're not worth another confrontation for him," Tory replies. She adds that Adama doesn't want to risk helping Baltar draw in people from the fringes.Later, Baltar is holding another radio sermon, and other crew members have shown up...including Tyrol. Tigh sneaks up behind Tyrol, pulls him aside and tersely whispers that he's humored the Chief's
strange behavior until this point because of Cally, but he needs to rein it in if they want to remain undiscovered. Tyrol replies that he's heard Tigh's been to visit the Six on a number of
occasions, and what's up with that? All in all they both know that something in them has changed."Tory's got it in her head that we can be the salvation of the human race," Tyrol says. "All I know is if there is a God, he's laughing his ass off."Back on the Demetrius, the crew sends Mathias out to inspect the Raider, and she finds a breach in its hull. She confirms that something's leaking...then, BOOM! Mathias, caught in the explosion,
does not immediately respond.Back at the Church with Benefits, the crowd has grown, and Tyrol is once again part of it. Baltar looks directly at him. "What are you all doing here?" he says, and the crowd laughs. He proceeds to launch in to a speech about why they're at the church: It's because the old ways have failed them. It doesn't matter if they are believers or non-believers, they're all welcome. Tyrol turns to leave, but Baltar calls to him. He
says he knows that they've had their differences, but he asks Tyrol to come take his hand...for the sake of Cally's memory.Tyrol replies that he knows Cally forgave him, and even read his manifesto, but he was not in that camp. "You may have your sheep fooled. They may be buying into your message of forgiveness. But let me tell you, there are some sins that even your imaginary god cannot forgive."Baltar replies that he is not talking about an imaginary god, but simply asks him to take his hand. "For Cally. It's what she would have wanted." Tyrol leaves Baltar's outstretched hand hanging for a moment, then seizes Baltar by the throat. Baltar's minions pull Tyrol off of their leader, and as Tyrol leaves, he yells, "You didn't know her!"Tyrol heads back to his headquarters and has a psychological break. He grabs a pistol and puts it to his head, but is unable to pull the trigger. He sits staring at a photograph of his dead wife.On the Demetrius: Starbuck goes to Leoben an angrily asks him what his plan really is, accusing him of attempting to disable the ship with his injured Raider. She punches him in the face until he's on the verge
of passing out, accusing him of a setup. Leoben invites her to finish him. The resurrection ship is out of range, he says -- kill him now and he won't be back.She can't do it...and asks what he's done to her. Leoben observes that the Kara Thrace he once knew spent her entire life lashing out at everyone and every thing.As she is now, he says, "You're lost the taste for those petty things." She'll only truly be fulfilled when she takes the next step in her journey."I told you when I first came aboard this ship that you had changed. I look at you now, and I don't see Kara Thrace. I see an angel, blazing with the light of God. I see an angel, leading our people."The rest of the fleet isn't so convinced, and at this point, they'd not even sure that Starbuck is who she purports to be. Considering that they all watched her fighter disintegrate on a mission, who the hell knows who -- or what -- got off that Viper two months ago?They clam up as Starbuck enters the room and observes that she doesn't know what to say at times like these -- Mathias is dead, and it's her fault, and in this war people die and it's simple stupidity.
Starbuck then acknowledges that she hasn't been completely connected with the crew...and then she's at a loss for words.Gaeta steps up to her and gently offers that he's entered the coordinates into the flight nav system ...to return to Adama and the fleet.Starbuck cuts him off -- they're not going back to the fleet. "We came out here to complete a mission," she says, "and that base ship has something to do with it."She tells Helo to lock down the ship and prepare to jump to Leoben's base ship. When she walks out, Gonzo loses it and says that this is not the mission, and they need to stop following her. Helo punches him in the gut to bring the rest of the crew back in line.Galactica. Tyrol's in his quarters, staring at a photo of himself with Cally. Gaius Baltar, however, has plans for him. He walks with one of his followers to Tyrol's quarters,and heads in to talk with him.
Chief doesn't get out of bed, but Baltar continues talking -- he's there to ask his forgiveness for his presumption back at the Church with Benefits. Tyrol stares at him and says nothing. Baltar continues that he knows it's hard for him to make sense of things; he joined the fleet as a scientist, but he understands now that we change, evolve, and learn things along the way. "I have committed unconscionable crimes. I have
been offered one last chance at redemption. So I choose to accept my fate, and not fight it anymore." Then he says that he's sorry at Chief's loss and says Cally was a beautiful woman."I don't expect you to believe me, but I would very much like to know her better." He goes to walk away, and Tyrol stretches out his hand. Baltar takes it, and thanks him.Back on the Demetrius, Helo has entered the coordinates. Athena asks Helo if he's really going to do this, and he replies that he doesn't have a choice. Athena counters that yes, he does. Starbuck walks into the control room, and tells them to prepare to jump. Helo suggests that she reconsider her plan, jump back to fleet, re-supply and cowboy up before they head to the base ship coordinates.No, Starbuck says, there's not enough time. She tells Helo to prepare to jump. He declines to follow her order; she relieves him. That makes Gaeta XO. She tells Gaeta to prepare to jump; he says no.Sam says, "Think about what you're all doing here.""They have, Sam," Starbuck quietly replies under the crew's collective glare. "They all have. It's a mutiny."Helo puffs out his chest. "Captain Thrace, as XO of the Demetrius, in acting on Article 10 of the colonial code, I am hereby relieving you of command."To be continued!And to answer last week's question....yes! Mutiny on the Demetrius!Previous synopsis:When a Heavy-Raider manned by Leoben Conoy docks aboard the Demetrius, confrontations form between the crew over the possibility of a truce with Cylon rebels, while Starbuck puts her trust in an old enemy.
