Before we get into this episode, let us consider Cally (Nicki Clyne) for a moment.Cally's a good egg. Not once has she hurt anyone. Oh wait, that's not true...she did a Jack Ruby on Boomer for nearly assassinating Papa Bear, aka Adama (Edward James Olmos). But it's not like Boomer  really died, right? In the larger scheme of things, that was a minor ouchie; Boomer resurrected with the Cylons and as this episode begins, is still walking around her baseship and able to exercise in the buff.But other than that -- Cally's a perfectly nice lass, if a touch high-strung.And what has been her reward? Let's see.....She tried to rescue Chief Galen Tyrol (Aaron Douglas)from the night terrors a little while back, only to have him awaken and pummel her senseless.OK.In spite of that, she married him and bore his child. Now he's an absentee dad, and she's popping pills. Oh, and she was nearly executed during the occupation on New Caprica because she happened to be married to the guy. Why? Because he was a leader in the rebellion.All in all, being hitched to the Chief is no bed of roses -- and that was true long before he realized that he is a Cylon.And now? Well, from what could tell from last week's previews, let's just say it doesn't look like Cally's story is due to end with parades and kisses.As we roll into the episode, mama's a wreck. She screams at Chief on his way to work, and the dark circles around her eyes show she's at the end of her rope. We see Cally doing her best to stop their son from crying, but it's not working. Then she happens upon a napkin that gives her a clue as to where Tyrol is: In Joe's Bar, with Tory the Garden Tool, (Rekha Sharma) who is sensuously rubbing his elbow.The problem, Tyrol's telling Tory, is he's in the throes of an identity crisis. "I look in the mirror nowadays," he says, "and I don't even know what I am."Tory, on the other hand, doesn't have a problem with her newly discovered identity as a toaster. She's even drinking ambrosia. "In some ways, I don't hate this. Feeling new, feeling open to things, to change...." Man, she's really amping up the cougar vibe.But Tyrol's not so into it. Neither is Cally, who wanders in holding the baby and immediately rips into her husband so viciously that she blows chunks.Cue the opening credits!Survivor count: 39,676.Roslin (Mary McDonnell) gets her cancer treatment while Adama reads her a passage out of what sounds like Caprican version of a Raymond Chandler novel. Then comes the press conference. Lee Adama (Jamie Bamber), standing by his Prez, greets them as a newly minted member of the Quorum of Twelve, but the reporters have seized upon another rumor: Kara Thrace (Katee Sackhoff) is in charge of the Demetrius, which may or may not be off on a secret mission. Yes? No? Comment?The only thing Adama will confirm is that the ship has been commandeered for a military mission. Roslin calls the press conference to a close and then, once they're in private, chews out Adama for going behind her back and humoring Starbuck's gut feeling.Aboard the Demetrius, Day 22: The crew is far from happy. Then again, it's not as if the officers accompanying Kara had her back in the first place. Joining her on her secret mission are: Gaeta,(Alessandro Juliani) Sam (Michael Trucco) , Helo (Tahmoh Penikett), Sharon/Athena (Grace Park), and a couple of lippy Viper pilots. Starbuck only shares her next jump coordinates with Helo. Even Sam is out of the loop.The Cylon baseship: Brother Cavil (Dean Stockwell) resurrects, and is greeted by another Cavil and Boomer/Turncoat Sharon, who gives him a passionate kiss hello. Later, he goes before two other Sharons and a Six (Tricia Helfer), who inform him that they want the D'Annas (Lucy Lawless) -- the Threes -- back online. Cavil resists, but he doesn't have much hope of getting his way: Six asks the Centurions to escort him off the ship. They don't react until she adds, "Please." Before they lead Cavil away, he taunts her about having to use the magic word with the Centurions -- and warns the other models that they have opened a more dangerous can of worms than they ever imagined.Back in the meeting room of the Quorum, Tom Zarek (Richard Hatch) confronts Lee Adama about the reason he nominated the former pilot to the governing body: That Laura Roslin is a benevolent tyrant, and although her intent is pure, she's still a major problem. Then Tom passes a classified document to Lee.Cally and Doc Cottle(Donnelly Rhodes), in the infirmary. She's getting a checkup, and when Doc asks her if everything is OK on the homefront, she spills about her fears of Tyrol's infidelity. Doc mutters that Tyrol must be sick in the head to step out on Cally, which makes her snort bitterly."What would you call someone who all but proposes to a man after he breaks your jaw?" (Oh, so that's how that happened. Remind us, what's the road to Hell paved with again?)Doc asks is that's the last time he "laid hands on her," and she says yes. But then she admits in her sicker moments, she wishes he would lay hands on her again, just so that she knows he has some feelings about her.Nope, that's not an unhealthy relationship at all.The Demetrius: Red drops hit Kara in the face, and it looks like blood -- but when the camera pulls back, we see she's painting a panel on the wall of her quarters. Sam comes in and asks why she's holed up in a room away from the crew, and why, more specifically, she is pulling away from him. She asks if he just came along to figure out what the deal was with their marriage -- something she opines never made any sense to begin with. He doesn't believe her, and shows her their matching tattoos to remind her of when they got them,and what they mean.But she pushes him away. "Dumb motherfrakker. I only married you because it was safe and it was easy, Sam. And you were just pathetic enough to go along with it. So get the frak out."This is followed by a rat-a-tak-frak automatic weapons fire overusage of the geeky expletive -- which, don't get us wrong, is fun when used lightly or casually in this series. But when a character tries to say, "All I wanna do is frak like nothing else matters" with breathy passion, the word....well, it kind of loses its mojo.Anyway. They frak.In the afterglow, Starbuck admits that everything feels far away, like her body is some alien thing that her spirit is hanging onto.Back on the Cylon baseship: The Cavils agree to resurrect the D'Annas. Two of the Cavils reveal that there is a resurrection ship several jumps away to which her core consciousness is being downloaded, and proposes they all go there. The Sixes and Sharon agree, but say they'll go on their own ships.The Quorum: Roslin is being hammered about the nature of the Demetrius's mission, and Lee Adama stands up in the middle of the squabbling session and tries to smooth things over for Roslin. She bats him down, which fuels his next move -- to reveal what was inside that secret document. Apparently Roslin wants to create a series of tribunals headed by judges all chosen by her. It's a dangerous concentration of executive power, he points out. Roslin tries to calm down the ruckus but, understandably, everyone in the room has a fit.Cylon territory: At the destination point, the Sixes and Sharons notice their resurrection ship didn't make the jump with them. Then they see the Cavils' ships surrounding them to attack. Before they can alert their sister ships, the Cavils open fire...and they're sitting ducks.Buh-bye, sexy femmebots.On Cavil's ship, Boomer weeps at the realization that she's taking part in the destruction of her sister models."Remember, they started it," Cavil said, adding, "They can trust in their God to watch over their immortal souls,""And what about ours?" she asks.Cavil responds, "We're machines, dear, remember? We don't have souls."On Galactica, Cally finds a note in their quarters that reveals the next meeting of the Four: A weapons locker. She sneaks over and, hearing voices inside, crawls into an adjacent wall to listen.Grumpy Tigh (Michael Hogan) fusses at Tory and Tyrol for not being more careful, or some such nonsense, once Tyrol hears that a note revealing their meeting place was left for him. Tigh growls that the last thing they'd need is for Chief's Cylon-hating wife to find out that her husband is one of them.Whoops -- she just did!Cally's tainted love life flashes before her eyes, and in her shock, she makes something clank in her hiding place -- oopsie! She manages to sneak out just before the Cylon club hootenanny (which seemed to add little value to the storyline beyond being a device to allow Cally to discover her husband's Big Secret) breaks up...but on her way out Tory, who heard the noise in the wall, notices a panel is loose.Cally heads back to her quarters to have a nice, cathartic freakout...but soon she isn't alone. Chief comes in behind her and begins says all the things she wants to hear: That he hasn't been there for her, that their family is all that matters, and from now on he'll be the husband and father he's supposed to be to the three of them...maybe the four of them? Yeah, that's a good idea...let's bring another baby into this mess.But Cally take a wrench and beats him over the head a few times before grabbing the kid and heading to the Airlock of Destiny.Cally has baby Nicky, and in her hysterical state, contemplates opening the door to deep, icy space. But then Tory comes in to talk her down. Cally screams that she knows they're all Cylons and Tory admits, yes, it's true. But in every other way they're human, Tory insists, and just as frightened as everyone else. She approaches Cally and calms her for a moment, sympathetically offering to take Nicky. Cally hands her son over to Tory, and as soon as Tory has the kid, she knocks Cally out in one punch.Now that is one evil kitty.When Cally comes to, she's still in the airlock -- but Tory's in the control room with the baby, standing over the button. She turns the key, and presses the green light...and  vvvvvvvvttttttt!!!!! Out goes Cally into deep space.What's interesting is that Sci Fi showed us this was going to happen in the promo for this episode. We knew Tory was going to hit that button, but on some level a few folks on the couch -- a few -- may have assumed that something or someone would save Chief's long-suffering wife at the very last second.Nope. No such luck. Poor thing.In the last scene, we see Cally's frozen, dead face fade into a scene of Adama sitting in the Chief's quarters, presumably breaking the news to him.Previous synopsis:The aftermath of a coup among the Cylons leads to further conflicts, Lee finds himself facing off against Roslin at his first meeting with the Quorum of Twelve as the representative of Caprica, and Cally discovers the horrible truth about her husband Galen Tyrol . Meanwhile, Starbuck aimlessly searches for Earth with Anders and other Galactica officers.
