"Battlestar Galactica" - "A Disquiet Follows My Soul"- Jan. 23, 2009Adama wakes with a crick in his neck, with his glasses still on, and covered in papers. "Frak," he says when he looks at the time. He gets up, brushes his teeth, showers, dresses and signs some papers in his quarters. He pulls a book off his shelf and leafs through it. He walks out and we hear him in voice-over: "There is a languor of the life more eminent than pain. 'Tis pain's successor, when the soul has suffered all it can."Tigh and the pregnant Six look for their baby on an ultrasound. They see it and she thinks it's beautiful. Tigh still doesn't see anything. Cottle's assistant points out the contours to him. Tigh says he needs a drink. Cottle offers him the next best thing: a cigarette. Cottle lights up too. The assistant thinks that's a lot of smoking around a pregnant lady. Cottle says she'll live. The Six says it's the future of the Cylon race. Tigh points out that it doesn't even have a name yet so that's a wee bit of pressure doncha think? The Six says all it has to do is be born since no Cylon-Cylon pairing has ever produced a child and believe her they've tried. The baby means that it's possible for Cylons to survive without resurrection. The assistant looks chilled by this news. Cottle wants to work up a biophysical profile on this savior.The assistant leaves and apologizes to Gaeta who's been waiting to be seen. (His stump is bloody). He says it's no problem since at least the Cylons are having fun as he spies Tigh and Six smiling at the ultrasound. "I mean Earth's a cinder, Dee's dead, suicides are up, the fleet's a mess, the president's missing in action but hey at least the Cylons are being taken care of," he grouses, while grimacing in pain. The assistant gives him a salve to rub into his wound. He says it doesn't do anything and that the prosthetic needs to be refitted but Cottle won't listen. She apologizes.Tyrol runs in with his baby saying he's peeing blood. The assistant says it's a busy day and he'll have to wait. Cottle calls out for a fetal monitor and Gaeta smiles ruefully and says "can't keep those toasters waiting."On Colonial One Adama is being grilled by the press, one of whom wants to know if Tigh is still XO and if Adama is concerned about having a Cylon as second-in-command. (Apollo and Zarek stand behind Adama at the podium). Adama says he won't discuss military protocol or chain-of-command. Another wants to know if he plans to form a permanent alliance with the rebel Cylons in the fleet. Adama won't address hypotheticals. Another asks Zarek if he would support such a move. Zarek says no comment. The press is in an uproar. They want to know where Roslin is. Apollo says she's resting comfortably on Galactica. Last question. Who's the fifth Cylon? Apollo says they believe the fifth Cylon is dead. Asked if he's sure, he says no but believes "she" died some time ago. The press seizes on the pronoun and wonder how Apollo knows it was a woman. Apollo says that was the last question. The press continues it's uproar.The trio head back into the sitting room. Apollo can't believe he let the "she" slip and Zarek is also in an uproar saying a permanent alliance with Cylons is a no go and wonders where Roslin is and if Apollo is president again. He thinks it's interesting that Roslin has gone MIA since her prophesies about Earth turned out to be "a bunch of crap." Adama says they're done. Zarek says if Adama tries to shove a Cylon alliance down their throats there will be consequences. (And no doubt blood, at which point Zarek will drink Adama's milkshake.) Adama thanks him for the threat since it makes it a little bit easier to know who to hold responsible if there's an "unfortunate incident." Zarek says he's not hard to find since he's right here running the government. "For now," says Adama.Survivor tally: 39,644Back in his quarters and downing some pills, Adama is being told by Tyrol that the feeling on the Cylon baseships is that they'd rather take their chances with the Colonial fleet than risk facing Cavil's forces alone. "We?" asks Tigh. "Yeah, we, the Cylons, that description fit anyone around here you know?" Tyrol retorts. (Helo, Apollo, and Gaeta are also in the room). Adama says they should have that discussion another time and wants an answer to the "FTL" question. Tyrol says it will be labor-intensive but they should be able to upgrade all the jump drives in the fleet with Cylon technology. Apollo says that won't be easy to sell to the Quorum. "Frak the Quorum," says Tigh. Apollo asks if they are going to upgrade the engines at gunpoint otherwise they need the Quorum to get civilian cooperation.Adama wonders what it will take to get them to sign off. Apollo says it would help if they could assure people that it would be Galactica personnel doing the upgrades since people will be skittish of having Cylons on their ships. Tyrol says he barely understands this stuff himself and "I'm..", and stops short of saying "...a Cylon," and says they'll need teams of Sharons, Sixes and possibly Leobens to do the installations. Gaeta looks disgusted by this prospect. Apollo thinks the Quorum will go nuts. Helo says they have to sell them on the benefits. Athena tells him that the upgrades will triple their jump power. Tyrol agrees saying that's a conservative estimate calling "their technology" and then corrects himself saying "our technology is way ahead of ours." (Hee.) Tigh wonders if Tyrol would like a chart to keep it all straight. (The hits just keep on comin'!)Adama asks Apollo his opinion. He says tripling jump capacity triples the chances of finding a habitable planet before they run out of food and fuel. That he might be able to sell. Gaeta asks what the catch is, since there has to be one, calling Tyrol "former" chief, softly. Tyrol says the catch is the Cylons want to be part of the fleet, not just along for the ride: full members, citizens, a seat at the Quorum, "the whole thing." Apollo starts at this idea. Helo - he of the Cylon wife and half-Cylon child- says "what? It's non-negotiable!" Even Tigh the Cylon says "are you insane?" Tyrol points out that they want Cylon technology and the Cylons wants protection when Cavil and his forces arrive. If the renegade Cylons are made citizens the Colonial Fleet oath will be to protect them like everyone else.Apollo wonders if the other Cylons will think that oath will guarantee their safety. Yes, says Tyrol, he's convinced the other Cylons that Adama takes these things seriously: that he would rather lose the fleet, than break the oath. "Unlike certain other people," says Tigh. Tyrol repeats that. Adama says he understands the argument and Gaeta asks "you're not seriously thinking about this?" "Sir," says Tigh to remind Gaeta to whom he's speaking. He repeats it with a sir. Adama says all options are on the table and that it's a political decision so he'll have to run it by the president. He thanks them and they break to leave.Apollo lingers and asks for a word.Back in the hospital ward, Cottle is telling Tyrol that the baby has acute renal failure. They caught it in time to manage it with dialysis but that in time it could lead to chronic renal failure. If that happens he's going to lose a kidney. Tyrol asks after the next step, whether he should build up a supply of blood? The assistant says they have his type in the blood bank. "He's half Cylon," Tyrol points out, "you got a lot of half-Cylon blood just lying around do you." Cottle says he's right, he hadn't thought of that and that they should start a supply right away. The assistant - who has a British asccent and is named Ishay- says that this is ridiculous that they have to tell him, this little boy could die and his father should know. Tyrol's all "what now?" Cottle tries to stop her. But Tyrol wants to know what's up. Cottle pulls Tyrol aside as Ishay coos at the baby. He says this news is going to be a shock but he was bound by doctor-patient confidentiality, even though she's dead now, it still applied. Tyrol realizes they're talking about Cally. He realizes he's not the baby's father. Cottle says Cally discovered she was pregnant right before they got married and was unsure if Tyrol was the father. She wanted to get an abortion -which became illegal under the new rules but Cottle was willing to figure something out- but she decided she wanted to keep it.She had a paternity test done because she wanted to know and it wasn't Tyrol. He asks who. Cottle says the real father doesn't know either and he'll be damned if he finds out from a pissed-off former deck chief with a Cylon chip on his shoulder. Cottle says he'll tell him and then Tyrol and the guy can work it out on their own. Tyrol says "take care of him" and walks away. "Great," says Cottle, who's smoking again.Apollo tells Adama that the president has stopped returning his calls. Adama says she's going through a rough patch, like everyone, and to give her some time. Apollo says they're going to need to know her stance on the citizenship thing sooner rather than later. Adama says they'll talk about it later. Apollo leaves and Adama calls Roslin.On the other end of the buzzing phone, Roslin is laying out her pills- four of each of five kinds- and ignoring the call. She sweeps the pills into the trash. She drinks some water and breathes in and out and a small smile plays on her lips.Roslin, wearing a blue head wrap, is clutching at a wall and breathing heavily. Adama is telling her if they can sway public opinion towards them, or at least not against them, Apollo thinks Zarek and the Quorum can be handled. Roslin thinks Apollo's right and then moans and says she's stiff. Adama asks if she's sure she's up for this. She says she's just stretching and doing a little aerobics and the truth is she hasn't felt this good in months. He asks when her next Doloxin treatment is. She says tomorrow. He says good. He says Apollo thinks, and he agrees, that she should make a public address to the fleet that a Cylon alliance is key to survival. Facing away from him she looks nervous at this news but says sure, but that she'll need some time. Adama says that's what he told him. She continues to stretch. He says he knows she's tired but that they need her. She says she hears him but that she needs a little time and tells him to go with a little laugh. He tells her not to overdo it. She says she won't.He walks out into the hall, a group of soldiers ferrying a man in handcuffs pass him by. he picks up some trash outside the officer's mess, looks disgusted, and walks on.We push into the mess and Starbuck playing with her food and holding her head in her hand. Gaeta sits down and Starbuck says she's not in the mood. He says he doesn't give a frak. She tells him to bring it. He says she tried to throw him out an airlock once and the charges were collaborating with the enemy. He points out that now he realizes his jury was made up of two Cylons and a woman married to a Cylon. She is unimpressed and asks if they're done. But then apologizes since he hadn't gotten to his leg yet. (Everyone in the mess is watching now). She says "50 billion people are dead and I'm supposed to give a frak about your leg?" He asks her who killed those people. She says it wasn't her. He says no it was her husband. She asks if he's enjoying himself, if this is how he gets his kicks now. Oops, sorry, she meant "half-kicks." (Ouch).Gaeta wonders what Sam was doing on Caprica before he met her, nuking cities? Killing a few thousand prisoners? He adds, "well then again, maybe you're a Cylon too." "At least I'm not a gimp," she replies. (Apples and oranges methinks). He says one day soon there will be a reckoning and once again people will have to answer for what they've done. She asks if that's a threat. He confirms it is. She says he knows where to find her and in case he's wondering, she'll definitely hit a "cripple." She looks around the mess and says "or anyone else." As she walks out he yells after her "so I guess a pity frak's out of the question then?" A few people laugh. He then rubs his head and looks around, tells someone to close the hatch and says "let's talk."Zarek is addressing the Quorum saying he wants to bring a motion forward. He says in prison it was easy to fall prey to wishful thinking- for a parole, pardon or writ, etc.- and that their leaders have fallen prey to the same thinking because they can't face reality. Earth was a mirage, a fantasy that the "Roslin-Adama" administration dangled in front of the fleet in order to retain power against the wishes of the democratic population. And now after failing them miserably, the power mad duo want to get in bed with the Cylons. "Aren't they the enemy," he asks. "Or are they suddenly our friends if that helps keep Roslin-Adama in power?" Apollo says Zarek needs to make a motion, not a speech. Zarek proposes a motion that states no Cylons will board any ship in the fleet without the approval of the ship's captain and it's people. Apollo says they need unity right now, not disharmony since it affects the entire fleet. Two other Quorum members take up and carry the motion. Only Lee votes nay. Everyone claps. The Quorum breaks and Apollo walks out giving Zarek a hard stare, which Zarek returns.We see legs running. Cut to Adama, asleep at his desk. Back to the running legs. Back to Adama. Back to legs. Back to Adama, being awakened by the phone. Whatever the person says to him causes him to reply "motherfrakkin' son of a ..." Cut back to the legs which are revealed to be Roslin's. He goes to brush his teeth and looks angry. We cut back to Roslin running hard through the halls, pushing people out of the way until she's stopped by Adama. She's breathless and says '"It's a big ship." He asks if she ran the whole route. She says half and it's more than she's run in a long time. He says she's flush and looks good. She thanks him. Only problem is, he says, she's not supposed to look good she's supposed to be in sick bay with a tube in her arm. She says she changed her mind. Like hell, you never intended to go, he says. She says "caught" and tells him to send her to the brig. They begin to walk and Adama says that Cottle tells him that she's experiencing a moment of euphoria as her body recovers from the toxicity of the treatments. "So much for doctor-patient confidentiality," she says. He points out that the president's health is a matter of national security. She says her resignation will be on his desk in an hour. "What?!" he asks. He says he's not handing over the presidency to Tom Zarek. Status quo will have to do then, she answers.He grabs her by her arms and tells her to stop it, that they need her: Zarek has the Quorum in an uproar, the press is nutso, the government is spinning out of control, they need her. She tells him to take his hands off her. She says she has played her role in this farce - "a dying leader will guide the people to the blah, blah, blah frakkin blah." Been there, done that. She wonders if there's another role she's supposed to play for the rest of her life. She wonders if he remembers what they said on New Caprica? How they talked about trying to live for today. He better think about that because maybe tomorrow really isn't coming, that today is all they have left, and that maybe she's earned the right to live a little before she dies. "Haven't I?" she asks plaintively. He says she has. She tells him that he has too, kisses him- on the mouth!- and pushes him to the side saying "now get out of my way" and runs off.We see a reel-to-reel tape recorder running as we hear Baltar say "what manner of forgiveness are you seeking?" He's seated, addressing a large group, also seated. He, holding a glass, asks if they feel as if they are all just children who've trangressed against their father's divine will. A woman says no, that they've done nothing wrong. He asks if they're being punished for their multitude of sins. No, they reply. (Baltar's rocking a much shorter haircut by the way, looks good). He wonders if this is their lot to have been led by a father to a promised land. A woman says they shouldn't have to suffer. He's drinking and smoking as he speaks into the tape recorder. (A woman leans in and says "just keep talking.") "To paradise, only to have paradise cruelly smashed to bits before our very eyes." Tyrol is taking this in with what looks like bemused contempt. Baltar raises his voice, "are these the actions of a father towards his children!" No, cries the crowd. Baltar rises with the microphone asking them what they've done to deserve this punishment, what sins have they committed, that condemn them to wander the universe with no hope. We cut to a shot that shows people are listening to this address elsewhere in the fleet. So, he says, you have to wonder what kind of a father abandons his children to despair and loneliness. He convinces them that God has wronged them and should come down here and beg for their forgiveness. The crowd boisterously agrees with this theory.Tyrol continues to look on. As the crowd rallies to Baltar saying "there is a disease about this ship and it is a disease of denial" we see Tyrol catch the eye of Hot Dog and something clearly clicks. He walks across the crowd and Hot Dog walks toward him. He tells Tyrol Cottle told him and that he didn't know and that they should talk. Tyrol nods and then clocks him. They begin to fight. Baltar sits, the crowd watches the fight, Tyrol clearly has the upper hand throwing Hot Dog into a table and onto the ground and pummeling him. Baltar sits and smokes.Walking into the CIC Tigh, followed by Helo and Adama, says it's a "godsdamn" uprising. Helo denies an uprising but agrees there's a problem. Tigh scoffs at this description saying 10 ships have refused a direct order and 12 others won't even respond to their hails. Gaeta says they're not doing anything illegal according to the new Quorum rule. Adama counters that jump drive upgrades are a military decision outside of the authority of the Quorum. A sassy Gaeta asks "and you alone get to make that determination?" hastily adding a "sir"after a glare from Tigh. Yes, he says, and wonders if Gaeta has a problem with that. An extra tells them that they've received an emergency signal from the Hitei Kan, the Tylium (fuel) ship. The crew has mutinied, killing a Cylon and two marines. A klaxon goes off. Adama says to scramble an alert team and launch the assault raptor. Helo reports the ship is pulling out of formation and spinning up their FTL drives. We see the ship pulling off.Adama wants to speak to whoever's in charge of that ship. The ship is hailed. Helo says the FTL drives are ready. Adama asks where his assault team is. Gaeta says they're on the way. Athena is piloting the raptor. They try to hail again. The communicator, Mr. Hoshi, reports that the ship is communicating with Colonial One. Helo wonders if they're talking to Roslin. Adama points out that they can't be since she's aboard Galactica. He says to put it on the speakers. The Hitei Kan peeps are saying they see the raptor and vipers on DRADIS. Zarek tells them they have no right to board the ship without permission. "Son of a bitch," says Tigh. The Hitei Kan peeps asks for direction. Zarek tells them that every citizen has the right to protect themselves from oppression and they should take whatever measures they deem necessary. The raptor and vipers approach, just as the raptor is about to land, the ship jumps. Taking all of the fleet's fuel with them Tigh points out. "You know there are days when I really hate this job," says Adama.Adama hails Athena on scramble. He tells her to go to Colonial One and arrest Zarek, the use of deadly force is authorized if he resists. He slams the phone down. Helo and Gaeta look freaked.Hot Dog visits the baby in sick bay and says he doesn't know anything about being a father. Tyrol says it sucks, except for the parts that don't. They're both bruised. Tyrol gives him the first lesson in parenting. He pulls out a chair tells him to sit: when your kid's in the hospital you never leave. He tells Hot Dog he gets first shift. Hot Dog calls after him and asks how long he has to sit there. Tyrol says until he gets back, after he's sobered up. Hot Dog leans on the baby's bed.Zarek sits in a cell with Adama. Adama drops a folder with Zarek's name on the front. He says it contains all kinds of documentation of Zarek buying and selling favors out of the VP's office. So this is about extortion Zarek asks somewhat incredulous. No, says Adama, "law and order." (chung-chung!) Adama believes that Zarek would walk happily to gallows or languish in jail forever if he could do it as a martyr to his cause. But the idea of being publicly humiliated as a corrupt politician would scare him. He says somehow he doesn't think that the legend of Zarek the noble political prisoner, could survive the airing of so much dirty laundry. Zarek looks down and asks if Adama thinks the fleet will sit still for a long political trial while he makes an alliance with Cylons. Adama points out that without the Tylium ship they're not going anywhere for a long time. At least they won't be bored, says Adama. Zarek wonders why Adama thinks that he knows where the ship is. Because Adama knows that he does. He tells him to read the file and that there's some juicy stuff which would make a great story for the press. Murder and extortion says Zarek. Zarek tells Adama the difference between the two men is that Adama wears that uniform and he doesn't. He pulls out a pad of paper, scratches something on it, and crumples up the paper and throws it on the floor. Adama picks it, and the file, up and tells Zarek he can cool his heels here while he checks out the info.Adama hands Tigh the info. Tigh is impressed with Adama's speed and wonders if he needs to send a medic to Zarek. No need says Adama. Tigh suggests one for his friend instead since Adama looks like hell. Adama says he feels like it too and needs some rest. He asks Tigh to alert him when they've got the Tylium ship, he'll be with the president. Tigh says "you got it." He hands "the file" to Tigh to give Hoshi to file away. Tigh peels back the cover and confused says "laundry reports?"Four vipers and a raptor jump to wear the Tylium ship is and tells them to stand by to be boarded, and that any resistance will be met with force and that this is their only warning. "Understood," says the Hitei Kan.Back in Zarek's cell, he's washing his hands and telling someone that every revolution begins with one small act of courage. But that he hopes this person will undersand how serious this is and that "this" will have deadly consequences. He walks away from the basin to reveal Gaeta sitting in a chair. Gaeta says he's thought about the consequences and he's ready for them, that "we" all are. Zarek wonders how many "we" is. Gaeta says "enough." We see the guard outside the cell, eavesdropping or guarding the conversation? Gaeta says once it starts they'll get more support. The world is frakked, it's upside down and someone's got to turn it right side up. "Are you that man," he asks Zarek. He says he's one and he needs a partner. Gaeta stands and shakes Zareks's hand saying he's got one.The Tylium ship jumps back to the fleet. We see Adama on the phone telling Tigh to take it from there. A hand reaches up and puts the phone down and we see that Adama and Roslin are in bed together, nekkid! (And she has no wig on). He kisses her shoulder and tells her they found the Tylium ship. He asks if she cares. She says no. "Neither do I," he says. They snuggle by candlelight.
