"Battlestar Galactica" - "Daybreak: Part 1" - March 13, 2009Survivor Count: 39, 516We get a shot of what looks like the milky way, a flying dove, Earth, falling water, Earth again, and then Colonial One on Caprica City Before the Fall.Adama is in a meeting being told that sometimes there are just things you've got to do. He seems resistant to whatever "things" are.Baltar and Six glide through the city in a stretch limo, having a drink. She wonders if he always drinks and drives. He says he drinks, the driver drives. She observes that he likes having things done for him. He wonders if she doesn't. She says she prefers not to rely on other people, less chance of disappointment. She palms his thigh. Since she's placed herself in his capable hands for the night, he hopes he won't let her down. He tells her to call him Gaius instead of "Doctor" and says it's crazy but he's actually forgotten her name. They start making out. The limo phone rings and Baltar freaks out at the news. He tells whoever is on the other end to wait for him where they are.Roslin is saying goodbye to a friend and turns to another, pregnant, friend in an apartment. They just had a baby shower. She's sharing champagne with a third friend. The pregnant friend begs for and gets a sip. They had a lovely time. Both women are her little sisters. They goof on a guest and giggle.Starbuck is cooking in her kitchen when the doorbell rings. She goes to answer and it's Apollo, they're meeting for the first time. He's brought flowers. He compliments her place. She calls out Zack, his brother, who she is dating. Zack comes out and hugs Lee and tells him that Kara is his and to keep his hands off.Baltar attends to the emergency. His father, who is infirm, stabbed his nurse. She wants to leave but he offers her 1,000 cubits to stay. She leaves. His dad is lewd with Six. Baltar is mad that his dad has scared away the third nurse. His father tells Six that Baltar is so desperate to be posh that he changed his accent and doesn't like to think about living on a farm and doing a day's honest work. Baltar swats his dad with a newspaper. He yells at him and calls his an obnoxious, spiteful, cantankerous, old git and he should be glad he's not living on the street. Six is appalled at how Baltar treats his dad. He says he asked her to stay in the car and now he has to stay with his dad and she should go home.Roslin awakes to a ring at her doorbell. It's the police. They enter and sit. They inform her that her sisters and her father were all killed in a terrible accident the previous evening. The driver of the other vehicle was drunk and is in stable condition. Roslin turns her back to them and tells them to show themselves out. She calmly starts cleaning up stuff from the shower and spies a picture of her sisters and dad. She walks out her front door in blinding white light. Still in her pajamas she walks through a busy park and stares at a fountain. She walks into the fountain towards the rocks surrounded by sprayers in the center. She leans against the rocks and lets the sprayers cascade on her as she stretches out her arms. The people in the park stare at her.We cut to a close-up of an IV drip and pull back to see Roslin in her hospital bed on Galactica.Lee is signing off on the stripping down of Galactica. A specialist is upset that they're being asked to strip the mag accelerators- the apparatus that help launch vipers. He feels like they're tearing the heart from the ship. Lee understands and says to make the accelerators the last thing they take out before they shut out the lights and let the old girl die in peace.Adama is boxing up his stuff. We see on the side of the box that it's headed for the Cylon baseship. He hears a groaning ship noise.Baltar's right hand woman Paula is rhapsodizing to him about how after the blast they will have a good deal of political power in more than half the ships in the fleet. She says their time is here. He's hallucination Six agrees telling him that humanity's final chapters are about to be written and he will be the author.Back in the Caprica - Before the Fall flashback Baltar comes home with another woman and finds the Six in his house. He tries to kick her out. As he calls the police she tells him she found his father a new place to live. A very tony nursing home, where his dad can be a farmer again. His stuff is being moved already and he loves it. Baltar says quizzically, "loves?" She showed him around the facility. She says his dad is complicated but a few simple things make him happy. She hands him the address of the places and goes to leave. She says the last time she saw him, he seemed happy.We are back in the present again as Starbuck puzzles over notes on a page, trying to crack the code of the song, still sitting by Anders' side.In the CIC Tigh is telling and underling that Adama plans to pilot the last viper off the ship himself and to leave one on the deck and a launch tube on remote pilot.In the brig Tyrol is talking to Helo saying "they're all the same." (Women or Cylons?) Helo says they're different and Tyrol knows it, how he felt about Boomer was different and that's why he did what he did. Tyrol says he did what he did because he's a frakking idiot, a 2,000 year old idiot who can't learn a simple lesson: machines are not people, they're just machines. Helo says Athena is a person. Tyrol says she's a blow-up doll - Athena, Sharon, Boomer, whatever- they're all the same because they made them the same. He says Helo can't trust any of them. Helo hangs up and leaves.On the creepy Cylon colony, which from above looks like a living, many-tentacled thing covered in sweaty, scaly, ridged flesh, Hera continues to write out the notes. Cavil and the PR Cylon guy watch. Cavil says "lots and lots of dots." The doctor Cylon points out that Hera hasn't eaten in days and they should start giving her IV nutrition. Boomer says she wants her mother. Cavil says she can't have that. Boomer says she's a frightened child. Cavil counters she's a half-human, half-Cylon object of curiosity that holds the answer to the future somewhere in her genetic code, so to get a tube in her and get her ready already. The doctor Cylon pulls on a glove and powers up a scary looking needle/drill. Hera does not look excited.Hot Dog passes Adama in the hall carrying his baby and drops some photos of missing and dead viper pilots from the memorial wall. Adama gathers them up. Hot Dog explains he's taking them so they won't get left behind like the others. (Photos of relatives of people who died along the way that no one on Galactica recognizes.)Adama appraises the left behind photos scattered along the walls. One is of Athena and Hera. He walks away, stops, and returns to retrieve it. He looks at it and then looks into the middle distance with a purpose.Baltar is hounding Lee, asking him for representation of his people in the government. He says it wouldn't even necessarily be him but that someone needs to speak for his literally thousands of followers. Lee wonders if he was speaking for those thousands when he outed Starbuck's secret, or was he considering his own political gain. Again. Baltar wonders if everything has to be reduced to his personal feelings about Starbuck. Lee turns to leave but Baltar beseeches him saying he's trying to have a genuine conversation. Lee tells him he's got five minutes.Starbuck shows Adama the musical notes. Trying to work it out he says "you think there's some kind of musical meaning in these notes." She admits she doesn't know she's trying to work it out herself. She says she thought if she assigned numbers to the notes... she doesn't know. He asks her if what Baltar said the other day is true. She says it is, she found her body and she burned it on Earth. She doesn't know what she is. Adama says he has to ask Anders a question and if Kara can plug him in. She goes to do that and he grabs her arm and says he knows what she is, she's his daughter and to not forget it.Anders comes on line and makes a fist in the goo.We cut to Anders back on Caprica City (Before the Fall) sitting in a whirlpool tub being interviewed about his role as a star Pyramid player and whether he will consider his hall-of-fame-worthy career incomplete if he doesn't win a championship. He says he's just focusing on getting stronger and being a team player and then seems to lose his train of thought. He honestly says he doesn't care about stats, or the cup, or the trophy and that in fact the game itself is not that important to him. What matters to him is making the perfect throw, catch, step and block. Perfection is what it's about. Those moments when you can feel the perfection of creation, the beauty of physics, the wonder of mathematics, the elation of action and reaction.We cut back to Cylon Anders talking in Seussian rhymes about curves and perfection and lines and races and Thraces. She tells Adama to ask his question. Adama tells her to ask him.Baltar tells Lee that Galactica has been more than a guardian but a vessel into which they've all poured their hopes and dreams. And when she's gone, and the resultant sense of security, this life will be over and a new life will have begun. That new life requires a new way of thinking. He says he's willing to do anything he can - and puts his hand on his heart- to make the new life good. All he's asking is for his people to have a voice in the government. He says his thousands of followers deserve enfranchisement. This is not for him personally and he knows that Lee knows that this is the right thing to do. He extends his hand. Lee says what he knows is that in all the years of knowing Baltar he has never seen him perform one truly selfless act that didn't serve the needs of Gaius frakking Baltar. So he won't take his hand and he won't bring him or any rep from his movement into the government. So, Baltar says, what it boils down to is his people can't get representation because he personally hasn't passed the Lee Adama selfless altruism test. Lee says he doesn't think he's passed even his own test and asks Baltar to look him in the eye and tell him of a truly heroic thing he's done that didn't also help him. He promises to believe him. Too quickly, Baltar says, "you're right, I wouldn't trust me either" and leaves.A model viper sits on a table. We see pre-Fall Lee, totally drunk, enter an apartment talking about double dog dares. A pigeon is flying around his place. He tries to swat it out with a broom and knocks over a lamp.Back in the present, Lee walks back onto the crowded deck. Adama and Starbuck arrive with a roll of red tape. They spread out and plant a long length of tape on the floor. Adama calls for attention. With Starbuck at his side he says he's sure everyone's heard about Hera's abduction. He admits that he thought a rescue mission was impractical but that he's changed his mind. The scene cuts...And in a brilliant sequence we see various people who were at the speech relay the contents to other people througout the ship.Hot Dog tells the other pilots that Adama didn't say where he got the info but that Starbuck was there so he must've talked to Anders.The British nurse is whispering to others near an alert Roslin's bed that Adama thought the mission was impractical because they didn't know where Hera was, so they must know now.Ellen says to Tory that knowing where the colony is isn't the same as busting Hera out. Tory says it's insane. Ellen says Hera serves a purpose, just as they did so the Final Five are going with. Tory wonders if Ellen is making decisions for all the Five now. Ellen smiles and grabs her shoulder and says Tory could never be alone anyway.Lee is dictating an announcemnt into the phone saying the mission is voluntary, open to anyone in the fleet over 15, even former Colonial officers incarcerated after the recent mutiny.Tigh tells the folks in the CIC that everyone has to make their own choices and tell Adama personally. He's waiting on the hangar deck.Helo tells Athena they're going after her. Or what's left of her, she replies. Helo says she's still alive, they'll get her and everything will be alright. She disagrees. He disagrees.Roslin lies in her hospital bed. We flashback to pre-Fall and she's eating sushi and talking on the phone with someone trying to convince her to both go on a date and join Ayers presidential campaign. She doesn't dig politics but says she'll go on the date to shut the person up about the campaign. It's a younger man named Sean Allison, the name sounds familiar. Back in the present she sits up, dons her wig, and gets out of bed.On the hangar deck Adama, flanked by Starbuck and Lee, addresses a huge crowd. He tells them the mission is voluntary and likely one way so to not base the decision on emotion or sentimentality.He says if there aren't enough volunteers to man Galactica he will personally lead a raptor assault. He points out the red line of tape on the floor. The crowd parts revealing it. He says all volunteers should head to the starboard side while everyone else should go port-style. Folks stare at each other. He tells them to make their choice.Lee walks towards starboard. As do Ellen and Tigh. Doc Cottle makes the move but Adama sends him back saying they can't afford to lose a doctor. Baltar eyes Caprica Six on the starboard side and seems to want to move but is paralyzed by fear. Roslin hobbles up and says to Adama that he didn't think he was leaving without her. It never crossed his mind he says, and helps her over to the starboard side. Starbuck helps hold her up. Also on the starboard side: Tyrol, Tory, Hot Dog, Helo, Athena, and the nurse. When the sorting is done, the starboard side group is considerably smaller.A raptor recon jumps into the area near the colony and immediately into an asteroid field. They also realize they're on top of a black hole that is sucking them in. They want to jump the frak out of there and then see something that they can't believe.Adama, Lee, Starbuck, Tigh, Ellen, Tory, and Tyrol look over the recon photos. The colony is where Anders' coordinates said it would be. It's within jump range, says Lee, but there's a sizable catch. It seems the Cylons have wisely placed themselves in this difficult area and the only way in and out- two base ships happened to jump in and out while the recon was there- is right on top of the colony. Tigh says you can bet they'll have all their guns pointed at that spot. Lee says that's what he would do. Starbuck says that's their parking space. Adama looks at the group and says "alright, let's get to work."...to be continued
