Three years into the Clone Wars, the Jedi rescue Palpatine from Count Dooku. As Obi-Wan pursues a new threat, Anakin acts as a double agent between the Jedi Council and Palpatine and is lured into a sinister plan to rule the galaxy.
Nearly three years have passed since the beginning of the Clone Wars. The Republic, with the help of the Jedi, take on Count Dooku and the Separatists. With a new threat rising, the Jedi Council sends Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker to aid the captured Chancellor. Anakin feels he is ready to be promoted to Jedi Master. Obi-Wan is hunting down the Separatist General, Grievous. When Anakin has future visions of pain and suffering coming Padmé's way, he sees Master Yoda for counsel. When Darth Sidious executes Order 66, it destroys most of all the Jedi have built. Experience the birth of Darth Vader. Feel the betrayal that leads to hatred between two brothers. And witness the power of hope.
The Jedi Order is on the brink of collapse and Anakin Skywalker no longer believes in the wisdom of his master, Obi-Wan Kenobi. As The Force calls him to decide Padme's fate, Anakin will desperately explore every possibility to save his wife from imminent death in childbirth.
Anakin now a skilled Jedi Knight, turns against his mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi and becomes Darth Vader. Padme Amidala is pregnant and Anakin has visions of her dying in childbirth. The Republican Army must face a destructive war against General Grievous and his army of droids. Emperor Palpatine is rescued by Anakin and Obi-Wan from the evil clutches of Count Dooku. Emperor Palpatine becomes Anakins new mentor after destroying all the Jedi knights and the Droid Army.
Three years after the events of Episode II, a new threat emerges. The commander of the Droid Army, General Grievous, kidnaps Chancellor Palpatine. The Jedi send Anakin and Obi-Wan to rescue the Chancellor and put an end to the Separatists wrath on the galaxy. But with an unfortunate turn of events, things don't turn out the way they'd invisioned...
Anakin's wife Padmé is pregnant, but he is having visions of her dying in childbirth. Meanwhile, a Sith Lord is manipulating the Council, Obi-Wan is chasing the robotic separatist leader General Grievous, and Yoda helps the Wookiees defend themselves against the droid armies on Kashyyyk. Will Obi-Wan succeed, will Padmé survive, and most importantly: how does Anakin become Darth Vader?
