As a new threat to the galaxy rises, Rey, a desert scavenger, and Finn, an ex-stormtrooper, must join Han Solo and Chewbacca to search for the one hope of restoring peace.
30 years after the defeat of Darth Vader and the Empire, Rey, a scavenger from the planet Jakku, finds a BB-8 droid that knows the whereabouts of the long lost Luke Skywalker. Rey, as well as a rogue stormtrooper and two smugglers, are thrown into the middle of a battle between the Resistance and the daunting legions of the First Order.
A scavenger (Daisy Ridley) and a renegade stormtrooper (John Boyega) enlist the help of legendary smugglers/freedom fighters Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and Chewbacca to transport a droid carrying information regarding the whereabouts of long lost Jedi Master Luke Skywalker to General Leia Organa of the Resistance before it falls into the hands of Kylo Ren and the First Order.
When critical information is placed into a simple droid, both the evil First Order and the heroic Resistance go searching for it. Then something neither of them planned for happens: Rey, a scavenger from the planet Jakku finds the droid and keeps it as her own. Finn, an ex-stormtrooper who hopes to leave his past behind him, crosses paths with her and breaks the news of what exactly the importance of the droid is. Next thing either of them know is that they are on the run in order to withhold the droid from the First Order. They meet a pair of old buddies and after a few skirmishes between them and the determined First Order, the droid is brought to the Resistance base. There, multiple plans are hatched against the First Order while the secret information on the droid is slowly and surely working itself out...
30 years ago the Empire was defeated and now a new threat, the First Order has risen from the ashes of the Empire. A scavenger called Rey has come into contact with a droid that contains a map to the legendary Luke Skywalker, who has vanished. Rey and a rogue stormtrooper called Finn find themselves in a monumental conflict between good and evil, that will see faces old and new.
Thirty years after the Galactic Empire vanquished, a new threat rises. The First Order attempt to rule the Galaxy and only a small bunch of heroes have the ability to stop them. Meanwhile, a female scavenger named Rey teams up with a rogue stormtroopter to return a droid to the resistance base containing a map to a legendary Jedi Master.
The Empire is no more. In its place, The First Order has risen from the ashes of Darth Vader's legacy and aims to consolidate its power across the galaxy. However, The First Order is trying to find Luke Skywalker, the last Jedi, and wipe him off the face of galaxy. In a desperate bid to bide time for Luke, The Resistance sends veteran X-Wing pilot Poe Dameron to find out Skywalker's location. In a race against time and tyranny, The First Order and The Resistance are trying to find the galaxy's greatest Jedi before it's too late. The fate of the universe hangs in the balance.
