After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.
Luke Skywalker battles Jabba the Hutt and Darth Vader to save his comrades in the Rebel Alliance and triumph over the Galactic Empire. Han Solo and Princess Leia reaffirm their love, and team with Chewbacca, Lando Calrissian, the Ewoks, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to aid in the disruption of the Dark Side, and the defeat of the evil emperor.
Emperor Palpatine, Darth Vader, and the Empire are building a new Death Star. Meanwhile, Han Solo has been imprisoned, and Luke Skywalker has sent R2-D2 and C-3PO to try and free him. Princess Leia, disguised as a bounty hunter, and Chewbacca go along as well. The final battle takes place on the Forest Moon of Endor, with its natural inhabitants, the Ewoks, lending a hand to the rebels.
As the evil Emperor Palpatine oversees the construction of the new Death Star by Darth Vader and the Galactic Empire, smuggler Han Solo is rescued from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt by his friends, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, Lando Calrissian, and Chewbacca. Leaving Luke Skywalker Jedi training with Master Yoda, Solo returns to the Rebel fleet to prepare to complete his battle with the Empire. During the ensuing fighting, the newly returned Luke Skywalker is captured by Darth Vader.
Light-sabers sparkle, the Millennium Falcon flashes through hyperspace, and creatures from all over the galaxy defy the Galactic Empire, in this stunning third chapter of the "Star Wars" saga. As the Rebels prepare to attack Emperor Palpatine's awesome new Death Star, Han Solo remains imprisoned by the loathsome outlaw Jabba the Hutt, who has also captured Princess Leia. Luke Skywalker rescues his friends, but he will not be a true Jedi Knight until he confronts Darth Vader again, who has sworn to win him over to the Dark Side of the Force. With old favorites like Chewbacca, Yoda, R2-D2, C-3PO, and Lando Calrissian, plus the small, but stalwart Ewoks.
The Empire is more than halfway through construction of a new Death Star, almost twice as big, but more than twice as powerful. When completed, it will spell certain doom for Luke Skywalker and the rebels. Han Solo is a prisoner of crime lord Jabba the Hutt, and Princess Leia soon finds herself in the gangster's hands. Luke Skywalker, aided by C-3PO and R2-D2, makes his way into Jabba's palace, hoping to secure his friends' freedom. But Jabba has no intention of doing so, and tries to kill them all. After escaping from Jabba and the sands of Tatooine, they regroup with the rebel fleet, which is massing for an attack against the new satellite battle station at Endor. Lando Calrissian is pressed into action to lead the rebel fighter attack, while Han is put in charge of a group of soldiers to take out the shield generator protecting the Death Star. However, Luke Skywalker surrenders to Darth Vader's soldiers on Endor, and is taken in front of Vader's Master, Emperor Palpatine, on the Death Star for final corruption to the Dark Side of the Force. The fleet of Imperial Star Destroyers ambushes the rebels, cutting them off. Worse, the new Death Star begins turning its giant laser on the rebel carriers. It appears that nothing will stop the Empire's triumph, unless things start to change quickly.
