Arya is put to the test. Tyrion and Jorah are captured by slavers. Loras Tyrell is judged by the Sparrows. Jaime and Bronn face the Sand Snakes. Sansa marries Ramsay Bolton.
Arya is tested by Jaqen H'ghar in the House of Black and White and he tells that she is ready to become someone else. Tyrion and Jorah have a conversation about Daenerys and Jorah's father and how he was murdered by his own men; out of the blue, they are captured by pirates and turned into slaves. Little Finger stumbles with Lancel in King's Landing and has a meeting with Cersei and he plots against Stannis Baratheon and the Bolton. Jamie and Bronn are riding in Dornes and they meet Myrcella; however they need to fight against the Sand Snakes. Lady Olenna meets with Cersei to discuss the future of Loras Tyrell. He is judged by the High Sparrow and Margaery Tyrell is involved and arrested with her brother to a formal trial. Sansa marries Ramsay Bolton and he humiliates her.
In Braavos, Arya grows weary of living in the House of Black and White where no one will explain to her just what she is meant to be doing. She finally learns what they do with the bodies she has been washing when they take them through the door she has been forbidden to go past. Ser Jorah and Tyrion continue to make do with few rations and Jorah learns that his father died north of the wall. They also encounter slavers who take them to Slaver's Bay where Ser Jorah is to fight in the pits. Littlefinger returns to King's Landing telling Cersei of the forthcoming battle between the Boltons and King Stannis. In return for his assistance in fighting the eventual winner, he asks her to name him Warden of the North. Lady Oleanna returns to obtain the release of her grandson but the High Sparrow's inquest into his behavior does not go well - nor does it go well for Queen Margaery. In Dorne, Trystane wants Marcelle to marry him as soon as possible. As Jaime and Bronn arrive in the capital, the Sand Snakes are waiting for them. At Winterfell, Sansa's wedding day arrives.
