Bran and Meera find a new ally. Gilly meets Sam's family. Arya makes a difficult choice. The Lannisters and Tyrells march against the High Sparrow.
The white walkers reach Meera and Bran but they are saved in the last minute by a mysterious black rider who turns out to be Benjen Stark. Sam and Gilly arrive at Horn Hill, where Sam introduces Gilly and Crastor's son to his family. Defending Sam, Gilly confesses that she is a wildling, which is appalling to Randyll. Nevertheless, Randyll accepts the baby into his home. However, Sam changes his mind in the last moment and decides to take Gilly, the baby as well as the Valyrian sword of his father with him and leave his home for good. King Tommen is allowed to see Queen Margery. Instead of killing the actress playing Cersei by poisoning her, Arya recovers her Needle and makes different plans. Jaime and the Tyrell army march into King's Landing, trying to stop Margery's planned walk of shame but the High Sparrow already thought this event through, making sure he will succeed in the end by manipulating King Tommen to take his side. As a result, Tommen fires his father from his job as lord commander of Kingsguard. Daenerys reunites herself with Drogon.
Beyond the Wall, Bran and Meera are rescued from a wight attack by a mysterious stranger. Gilly and Sam go to Horn Hill and are welcomed by his mother and sister. However when they are having dinner, his father Randyll discovers that Gilly is a Wildling and insults the couple. Tommen meets the High Sparrow that allows him to visit Margaery and she confesses that she repented her sins. Out of the blue, Jaime commands the Tyrell army through King's Landing to release Margaery and Loras, but he is surprised by the revelation of an alliance of the Faith and the Crown. In Braavos, Arya meets Lady Crane and they have a conversation about acting. Then Arya saves the actress from poisoning. However Waif witnesses her behavior and reports to Jaqen that asks her to kill Arya. Meanwhile Arya retrieves the Needle from the hidden place on the rocks and brings it to her room. Daenerys and Daario have a conversation about the number of ships she needs to cross the Narrow Sea with her army. Then she leaves him and returns riding Drogon.
