Jaime mopes over his lost hand. Cersei is growing uncomfortable with the Tyrells. The Night's Watch is growing impatient with Craster. Daenerys buys the Unsullied.
In King's Landing, Tyrion seeks out Varys' advice on getting revenge against those who tried to kill him. He learns the Varys' approach is to go slow. Cersei is troubled that Margaery has Joffrey wrapped around her little finger. Her father won't take her advice and tells her why. Varys approaches Margaery's grandmother to discuss matters of mutual interest. North of the Wall, some of the Night's Watch are on the brink of rebellion. Jaime is continually humiliated by his captors but Brienne has words of encouragement for him. Arya reaches the main group of the Brotherhood without Banners and Sandor Clegane learns his fate.
Jaime is humiliated by his captors and Brienne unsuccessfully tries to protect him. Tyrion meets with Varys, who tells of how he was sold to a sadistic sorcerer that castrated him. He advises Tyrion to be patient and finishes opening a large box and Tyrion sees the sorcerer locked inside. Joffrey shows The Great Sept of Baelor to Margaery and Cersei realizes that Margaery has Joffrey under control. Then she meets her father and tells him that she is worried since Margaery is manipulating Joffrey. Varys meets Olenna and they have a long conversation about Sansa. Then Margaery meets Sansa and tells her that they would be sisters if Sansa married her brother Loras. The Hound is judged by The Brotherhood without Banners through a trail by combat. Theon is led by the youngsters that saved him to meet his sister Yara in a dark chamber and soon he finds that his escape was another sadistic means of torturing him. Lord Commander Mormont tries to calm down his men that are starving but one of them kills Craster and another one stabs Mormont in the back, effectively killing him. Sam flees with Gilly and her son through the frozen woods. Daenerys has a surprising attitude toward Kraznys mo Nakloz and leaves Astapor with her dragons and the army.
