Tyrion is arrested for the murder of Joffrey and awaits trial. Sansa escapes King's Landing. Sam sends Gilly to Mole's Town as the Night's Watch finds itself in a tight spot. Meereen challenges Daenerys.
In the aftermath of the Purple Wedding, the players in King's Landing reassess their situation. In the meantime, the wildling threat to the Night's Watch is becoming imminent, Arya and the Hound continue their journey to the Vale, and Daenerys reaches Meereen.
With the death of King Joffrey, Tywin begins laying his plans for the future. Joffrey's younger brother Tommen will become king with Tywin guiding him. The senior Lannister also makes a pact with Oberyn Martell and invites him to sit on the small council. Cersei is grieving over her son's dead body and wants Jaime to kill Tyrion. He refuses and is satisfied to let justice take its course. He also decides it's time for he and his sister to renew their relationship. Margaery is in something of a quandary, not knowing if she is queen or what the future might have in store. Sansa learns the identity of her rescuer.The wildlings attack a village as they head to Castle Black. Davos Seaworth may have a way out of their financial problems. Daenerys arrives in Meeren and has a message for the slaves living there.
Tywin instructs Tommen how a good king shall rule his realm. Then he makes an agreement with Oberyn Martell to help the Lannister House. Sansa escapes with Dontos to a ship where Littlefinger welcomes her and tells that she is safe now. Tyrion releases his squire Pod from his duties to save his life. Arya and The Hound are received by a farmer and his daughter that offer food and shelter to them; on the next morning, The Hound steals his silver and follows his journey with Arya. Two rangers escape from Craster's Keep and arrive at Castle Black. Jon advises that Rast and Karl must be killed since they know the defenses of Castle Black and they will disclose them to Mance if they are captured. Daario easily kills the champion of Meereen and Daenerys promises to release all the slaves in the city.
