Eddard Stark is torn between his family and an old friend when asked to serve at the side of King Robert Baratheon; Viserys plans to wed his sister to a nomadic warlord in exchange for an army.
At the castle Winterfell, Lord Ned Stark begins to believe that something is amiss. A deserter from the Night Watch, the guardians of the giant ice wall at the northern boundary of their territory, says he's seen the white walkers. Later, Ned and his sons find animals slain in the woods, including a she-wolf whose six pups they keep, one for each of Ned's children. They also welcome the arrival of Ned's good friend King Robert who was once betrothed to Ned's sister. She was killed before they could marry and he wed Cersei Lannister who has given him a son, Joffrey. Along with them are Cersei's two brothers, the handsome Jaime and Tyrion, a dwarf with very large appetites. The King wants Ned to return with him to his capital, King's Landing, and become the King's Hand. Ned accepts but his young son Bran accidentally sees something he should not have and suffers a serious fall as a result. Meanwhile, in the land across the narrow sea, Viserys Targaryen needs an army to attack King's Landing and retake the throne that he believes is rightfully his. He arranges for his pretty sister Daenerys to marry warlord Khal Drogo.
Jon Arryn, the King's Hand, is dead and King Robert Baratheon has asked his best friend, Eddard "Ned" Stark, to take his place. Meanwhile, across the sea, Viserys Targaryen plans to marry his little sister, Daenerys, to a tribesman, Khal Drogo, in exchange for a king's crown.
In the northern frontier of Winterfall, the warriors of the Night Watch patrol are searching for savages but out of the blue they are attacked by white walkers. One of them survives and deserts the Night Watch and is considered mad and decapitated by Lord Eddard 'Ned' Stark in accordance with their laws. Lord Stark also learns that his friend Jon Arryn, the Hand of the king, is dead and King Robert Baratheon, who is his friend, is traveling from the King's Landing to Winterfall to invite him to be his Hand of the King and travels with him to the capital. The King was betrothed to Lord Stark's sister but she died and he married Cersei Lannister, who has two brothers and a secret love affair. Meanwhile in the exile, the greedy Viserys Targaryen forces his sister Daenerys Targaryen to get married with the brutal warrior Khal Drogo since he needs an army to overthrow King Baratheon and take the power.
Lord Eddard 'Ned' Stark, governor of the North, prepares his castle Winterfell for a visit of the court of his youth friend Robert Baratheon, sovereign of the Seven Kingdoms, who will ask Ned to succeed his recently deceased mentor Jon Arryn, as Hand (royal prime minister), requiring him to move to the capital King's Landing in central realm Westeros, leaving his wife Catelyn and kids behind. Eddard personally beheads young Wildlands patrol deserter from his northern border's Night Watch, which Ned's bastard son Jon Snow is bound to join, dismissing his warnings that the ogres of 'winter' are returning to the wall. Jon gets the overseen extra pup of a hunt-killed shadow wolf after the five legitimate children -heir Rob and four siblings- are each allowed to keep one and care for it. Ned's shy daughter Sansa is about to be betrothed to Robert's immature firstborn Joffrey. Queen Cersei is accidentally making incestuous love to royal guard captain Jamie Lannister, champion knight and heir to the richest family, by Ned's youngest Bran, whom Jamie pushes down the high semi-ruin tower, yet survives. Meanwhile Drogo, the imposing 'khal' (war king) of the proud horseman people Dothraki, pledges his mounted army of 100,000 to help pretender Viserys Targaryen regain the Iron Throne which his mad father lost to Robert in exchange for the hand of his sister Daenerys, who feels practically raped by both.
A Night's Watch deserter is tracked down outside of Winterfell, prompting swift justice by Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark and raising concerns about the dangers in the lawless lands north of the Wall. Returning home, Ned learns from his wife Catelyn that his mentor, Jon Arryn, has died in the Westeros capital of King's Landing, and that King Robert is on his way north to offer Ned Arryn's position as the King's Hand. Meanwhile, across the Narrow Sea in Pentos, Viserys Targaryen hatches a plan to win back the throne, which entails forging an allegiance with the nomadic Dothraki warriors by giving its leader, Khal Drogo, his lovely sister Daenerys' hand in marriage. Robert arrives at Winterfell with his wife, Queen Cersei, and other members of the Lannister family: her twin brother Jaime, dwarf brother Tyrion and Cersei's son and heir to the throne, 12-year-old Joffrey. Unable to refuse his old friend and king, Ned prepares to leave for King's Landing, as Jon Snow decides to travel north to Castle Black to join the Night's Watch, accompanied by a curious Tyrion. But a startling act of treachery directed at young Bran may postpone their departures.
