Jon makes an important decision. Daenerys experiences new consequences. Brienne and Podrick have an unexpected encounter. Bran achieves a goal, while Tyrion makes an important discovery.
Jon Snow meets Mance and they discuss a peaceful alternative to the battle. Out of the blue, Stannis and his army put the Wildlings under siege and Mance surrenders. Jon asks for mercy for Mance to Stannis since he was well treated by him when he was his prisoner. Tywin wants to force Cersei to marry Loras and they have an argument. Cersei discloses her affair to her father and tells that she will make it public if he insists in marrying her. Jaime and Lord Varys help Tyrion to escape, but he kills Shae that is in Tywin's bed with his hands and his father with a crossbow. Then he leaves king's Landing with Varys in a ship. Daenerys learns that her black dragon killed a three year-old girl and she locks them up in the dungeons. Brienne and Pod meet Arya and The Hound and Brienne has a deadly sword fight with The Hound to keep Arya. Bran, Jojen, his sister and Hodor reach their target but they are attacked by Wights.
Jon Snow goes beyond the wall to kill Mance Ryder. He captures Jon Snow, but treats him well and offers peace. Unexpected riders storm in from all directions and slaughter Mance Ryder's men. The army is that of Stannis Baratheon, who takes Ryder as a prisoner on Jon Snow's advice. Cersei confronts her father regarding her supposed marriage to Loras Tyrell, and confesses the truth about hers and Jamie's incest. Daenerys listens to the grievances of her people and puts the dragons under captivity in the dungeons after her missing dragon Drogon kills a small girl. Bran and company travel north and finally reach their destination, where they are attacked by the Wights. A mysterious little girl leads them to safety who claims to be one of an ancient race of the Children, born before the First Men. Brienne and Podrick encounter Arya and the Hound on their journey towards the Eyrie. A fight ensues, and the Hound is left mortally injured; Arya escapes. Elsewhere, Jamie frees Tyrion and tells him that Lord Varys will help him escape, and bids him farewell. Tyrion has a mission of his own. He murders Shae, lying on Tywin's bed and then kills his own father. He is then hidden inside a crate and put aboard a ship departing for the Free Cities. In the end, Arya rides to a seaport and finds a ship ready to sail. She is allowed to travel in it after gives the captain the iron coin given to her by Jaqen, uttering 'Valar Morghulis'.
John Snow arrives at Raydor's encampment claiming to want to negotiate a truce but intent on something else altogether. He is soon found out but help comes from an unexpected source. Brienne and Pod come across the Hound and Arya. When she realizes who Arya is, she feels it's her duty to fight the Hound and return her to her family. Even Arya has other ideas. At King's Landing, Cersei wants her father to cancel her engagement to Loras. As far as he is concerned, the marriage is needed now more than ever but Cersei threatens to reveal her secret if he doesn't agree. Jaime and Varys assist Tyrion in escaping from his cell. Before he leaves the city he calls on his father and there finds Shae in his father's bed. He takes care of both of them. In the east, Daenerys has to deal with her dragons, the cause of death and destruction throughout the countryside.
