Tyrion investigates a secret weapon that King Joffrey plans to use against Stannis. Meanwhile, as a token for saving his life, Jaqen H'ghar offers to kill three people that Arya chooses.
Catelyn and Renly come to an agreement and he agrees to join forces with Robb but witchcraft intervenes forcing her to flee with Brienne. As Stannis' fleet approaches Renly's camp, Petyr Baelish has advice for Margaery and her brother. At King's Landing, Cersei assures Tyrion that siege preparations are well under way and he learns the specifics from Lancel. In the Iron Islands Theon sets sail though has some difficulty gaining his crew's respect. Arya makes a deal with Jaqen H'ghar who promises her three lives in return for her having saved his. North of the Wall the Watchmen arrive at their camp. In Qarth, Daxos has gifts for Daenarys and has a proposition for her: access to his untold riches - and the Iron Throne - if he marries her. In Winterfell, Osha sees something in Bran's dreams.
Catelyn and Renly agree to join their armies but out of the blue, he is assassinated by the shadow creature in front of Catelyn and Brienne who are forced to flee from the camp. Renly's army joins Stannis's army and Tyrion foresees an attack on Cersei, who is not worried. Tyrion forces Lancel to tell him what she is plotting and he tells that she had contacts with the alchemists. Tyrion learns that they have thousands of pots of the dangerous flammable Wildfire for the protection of the King's Landing. Arya stumbles with Jaqen that is now a guard and he promises three deaths for her because she saved his and two other prisoners lives and she asks the torturer Tickle. Daenerys is welcomed in Qarth and Xaro proposes to marry her and help her to retrieve the Iron Throne.
The end of the Baratheon rivalry drives Catelyn to flee and Littlefinger to act. At King's Landing, Tyrion's source alerts him to Joffrey's flawed defense plan and a mysterious secret weapon. Theon sails to the Stony Shore to prove he&#700;s worthy to be called Ironborn. In Harrenhal, Arya receives a promise from Jaqen H'ghar, one of three prisoners she saved from the Gold Cloaks. The Night's Watch arrive at the Fist of the First Men, an ancient fortress where they hope to stem the advance of the wildling army.
