Sansa arrives at Castle Black. Tyrion makes a deal with the slave masters. Jorah and Daario sneak into Vaes Dothrak. Ramsay sends a letter to Jon. Theon arrives at Pyke. Cersei and Olenna Tyrell plot against the High Sparrow.
Sansa arrives at Black Castle with Brienne and Podrick and reunites with Jon Snow, who has resigned from the Night's Watch after the deception of the betrayal of his brothers. Sansa tries to convince him to attack and retake Winterfell while Brienne meets Davos and Melisandre and warns that she killed Stannis and she does not forget or forgive the assassination of Renly through black magic. Littlefinger returns to Runestone and is welcomed by his nephew Robin and convinces him to send his army to protect Sansa at Castle Black. In Meereen, Tyrion negotiates a truce and the end of the support to the Sons of Harpy with the masters of Slaver's Bay. Jorah and Daario arrive at Vaes Dothrak and they meet Daenerys, who explains a plan to them. Margaery meets the High Sparrow and he tells how he learned the truth. Tommen tells Cersei that Margaery will be exposed to the people soon, and Cersei plots a scheme with Olenna to destroy the High Sparrow. Theon returns to the Iron Island and after a cold reception from Yara, he says that he wants to support her. Ramsey stabs Osha with a knife killing her in Winterfell. Jon Snow receives a letter from Ramsey with insults and threatening him. Daenerys is brought to the khals in a temple and the set in motion her evil plan.
Sansa arrives at Castle Black. Theon arrives at Pyke. Tyrion makes a deal with the slave masters and deals with the slaves. Littlefinger discusses his plans at The Vale. Cersei and Jaime plan their next move while Margaery vists Loras. Jorah and Daario try to rescue Daenerys, but she has other plans.
Daenerys is forced to join the Dosh Khaleen but she has other ideas. Jorah and Daario head towards Vaes Dothrak. Tyrion seeks to find a compromise with the masters. Sansa meets a familiar face. Jon receives a threat letter. The battle between the Faith and the Lannisters takes a decisive turn.
