Tyrion tries to see who he can trust in the Small Council. Catelyn visits Renly to try and persuade him to join Robb in the war. Theon must decide if his loyalties lie with his own family or with Robb.
Jon is reprimanded for interfering with Craster and Sam has a gift for one of Craster's wives. In Winterfell, Bran continues to dream but begins to believe they are visions. Lady Catelyn approaches King Renly Baratheon to form an alliance with her son Robb. In the Iron Islands, Balon decides to attack the north while the Robb Stark's armies are in the south fighting the Lannisters. Theon is given the command of a ship while his sister Yara is put in command of a fleet of 30 ships. In King's Landing, Tyrion plays the council members against one another and learns the identity of the spy among them. He also wants to protect Shae from those who might try to find his weaknesses and she soon begins work as Sansa's new hand maiden. The King's guards return and Arya and Gendry are taken prisoner.
Craster orders the Nighy's Watch to leave his home and Lord Commander Mormont reprehends Jon Snow since Craster is important for his men. Catelyn visits Renly expecting an alliance with him. Tyrion tests the loyalty of the small council and tells a different plan of marriage alliance for Princess Myrcella to Pycelle, Varys and Littlefinger and Bronn arrests Pycelle for betrayal. Theon has to decide whether he is loyal to his family or to Robb Stark. The Lannister men arrive at Yoren's camping and kill him; Polliver takes the Needle from Arya and stabs Lommy in the throat with the Needle. When the captors ask to the prisoners who Gendry is, Arya points out to Lommy that had stolen Gendry's helm.
Tyrion gets his private harlot Shae to become Sansa's bumbling handmaiden and sets a trap for the small council members by telling each another prospective bride for Joffrey's sister Myrcella, proving learned master Pycelle the traitor and queen-regent's spy rather then Varys or Littlefinger. Desperate for an ally in Robb's northern secession war, kin Cathlyn approaches still carefree king Renly Baratheon of Stormlands, who knights the visor-masked tournament winner Brienne of Tarth and admits her to the body guard of seven, to the dismay of his gay lover Loras Tyrell, while his pragmatic queen Margaery offers any threesome if only they beget an heir. Theon duly scolds his father Balon Greyjoy for reproaching him the effects of the banishment to the Stark court imposed on the surviving son, finds his sister is given command of thirty ships, he only one, and considers warning Robb that the Iron Islands king plans to raid and submit most of the north. Watch commander Jeor Mormont duly reprimands but rescues Jon for intervening with indispensable Wildling ally Craster's boy sacrifices. Bran doubts his tutor's assurances that his recurring visions are mere nightmares of magical bedtime stories about extinct dangers like dragons. King's guards capture Arya and Gendry, whose identity they can hide.
At the Red Keep, Tyrion plots three alliances through the promise of marriage. Catelyn arrives in the Stormlands to forge an alliance of her own. But King Renly, his new wife Margaery and her brother Loras Tyrell have other plans. At Winterfell, Luwin tries to decipher Bran's dreams.
