Tyrion arrives at King's Landing to take his father's place as Hand of the King. Stannis Baratheon plans to take the Iron Throne for his own. Robb tries to decide his next move in the war. The Night's Watch arrive at the house of Craster.
Winter is coming as the Night Watch go to meet the threat north of the Wall, the standoff between the Stark and the Lannisters boils with new rumors of King Joffrey's birthright and the rise of the Baratheon brothers in the warfare. All the while Dany leads her band of broken things through the dead lands barely hanging on. Trust...Joffrey will do whatever it takes to keep his crown.
Tyrion arrives in King's Landing with news that he is to be acting as the King's hand until his father returns. The news doesn't sit well with Cersei, King Joffrey's mother. Tyrion makes a point of telling her just how badly she has handled the situation of Ned Stark's execution and Arya Stark's escape. Rumors abound that Cersei's children are the product of an incestuous relationship with her brother Jaime. Even King Joffrey has heard them and challenges his mother to tell the truth but she denies it. Soon, the King's guards are seeking out and killing all of the late King Robert's illegitimate children. One, Gendry the armorer's apprentice, seems to have made his escape. In Winterfell, Bran continues to have his dreams and is told that the red comet in the sky means only one thing: dragons. Daenerys and her small group of followers are in a seemingly endless desert. She sends riders in all directions to see what they can find. The Night's Watch has ventured beyond the wall and learn that the King who lives north of the wall is amassing an army. The dead King Robert's brother Stannis Baratheon prepares for war but sees all others as his enemies. Summer is coming to an end and everyone is preparing for a winter of unknown duration.
The Lord Commander Mormont is tracking down Benjen Stark with the Night's Watch. Tyrion arrives in King's Landing to assume his position of Hand of the King making Cersei furious and he strikes back telling that she allowed the execution of Ned and the escape of Arya. Stannis has received the letter sent by Ned to him telling that he should be the heir of the throne and he sends copies of the letter to all Lords in the realm claiming that he is the legitimate successor. Cersei forces Littlefinger to find Arya threatening his life. Joffrey orders a massacre of Robert's bastards in King's Landing. Daenerys and her small group face starvation and she tries to feed her dragons anyway.
Tyrion arrives to save Joffrey's crown from threats old and new; Daenerys searches for allies and water in the Red Waste; Jon Snow and the Night's Watch face the wilderness beyond the Wall; on the island of Dragonstone, Stannis Baratheon plots an invasion to claim his late brother's throne, allying himself with the fiery Melisandre.
Joffrey somewhat sadistically presides over a tournament to the death, punishing Sansa's attempt to intervene with humiliation and bitter about the rumors of his illegitimacy, compromising his right to the throne, hence orders a massacre of suspected bastards. Tyrion arrives in the royal capital to discretely install his whore and make his cynical entry at the 'small council', duly scolding Cersei's haughty stupidity to have caused the civil war by executing Ned and carelessness to loose daughter Arya, leaving only Sansa as bargaining chip while the Lannister army is doing badly against Robb's rebel hordes. Cersei still fucks Robert's former cup page and makes another enemy in Littlefinger, threatening him Arya must be found. Robb and Catelyn must swallow their pride to keep the northern rebel coalition together and pay the price for strategic passage of an extortionist lord's windy castle, Jamie proudly keeps taunting his captors from his cage, even facing the ghost wolf. Back home, left-alone Bran learns on the job from his modest mentor how to handle requests from vassals and subjects. Jon is put in his place as master's serving apprentice and shares in the helpless indignation on mission over the wall to visit revolting, greedy Wildlings like an incest patriarch who may be needed as the ogres of 'winter' are expected. Holding Ned's letter declaring him Robert's heir, Stannis Baratheon maintains his claim to his own barren kingdom, allowing the red witch Melisandre to burn the seven old gods in favor of her 'lord of light' and calling for all others to pay him feudal homage. Even loyal Jorah grimly warns Daenerys her baby dragons are no use in the present peril, khal Drogo having been magically saved from death but uselessly paralyzed, while they are mostly on foot in a vast desert, so they send three mounted scouts.
