Jon is brought before Mance Rayder, the King Beyond the Wall, while the Night's Watch survivors retreat south. In King's Landing, Tyrion asks for his reward. Littlefinger offers Sansa a way out.
Beyond the wall, those of the Night's Watch that have survived try to go south to warn everyone of what is coming. Samwell is taken to task for not having sent the ravens. Jon Snow meets Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall and is accepted among them. In King's Landing, Tyrion's face has healed and Cersei pays him a visit worried about what he might say about her to their father. Tyrion enlists Bronn, now a knight, to protect him. He doesn't get much satisfaction from his father who promises him better living quarters but not much else. Lady Margaery is cementing her place at court. Sansa meanwhile may have a way out of King's Landing courtesy of Lord Baelish. Davos Seaworth has survived and is rescued. He returns to Dragonstone intent on stopping Melisandre but soon finds himself in the dungeons. Robb Stark arrives at Harrenhal to find all of its occupants dead. Daenerys arrives in Astapor looking for an army. Ser Jorah tells her the Unsullied are the best fighters in the world.
In the aftermath of a decisive battle, the newly formed Lannister-Tyrell alliance rules from the battered capital of the Seven Kingdoms. Elsewhere the tables have turned; Robb Stark makes his way across a bloodstained landscape while his captive runs free and his seat of power sits in ruin; Stannis Baratheon lies broken and defeated while unseen forces gather Beyond the Wall and Across the sea.
Sam is saved from a wight by Ghost first and then by Mormont and a few survivors and Mormont tells that they need to return to The Wall to warn people that danger is coming to Westeros. Jon Snow meets Mance Rayder and he questions why Snow wants to join them and Mance is satisfied with his explanation. Tyrion has a meeting with his father that does not believe that he saved King's Landing from Stannis. Littlefinger offers to help Sansa to Leave King's Landing with him while Ros advises Shae to take care of Sansa and to not trust in Littlefinger. Davos is rescued from an island by Salladhor and he asks to be bought to Dragonstone with the intention of killing Melisandre. Robb and his army arrive at Harrenhal and find all prisoners murdered and only one survivor. Daenerys arrives at Astapor and she negotiates slave-soldiers known as Unsullied with the trader Kraznys mo Nakloz. She is also saved from an attempt of murder from a magician by Barristan Salmy.
