Joffrey puts Sansa aside for Margaery Tyrell. Robb marries Talisa Maegyr. Jon prepares to meet Mance Rayder. Arya says farewell to Jaqen H'ghar. Daenerys tries to rescue her dragons.
With the battle won, King Joffrey names his grandfather, Tywin Lannister, as the Hand of the King. It has an immediate impact on Tyrion, who awakens in new and much smaller quarters wounded from the battle . Petyr Baelish is rewarded for his loyalty. The King takes an interest in Lady Margaery Tyrell and decides to marry her. Lord Varys recruits a new spy. Arya has managed to escape from Harrenhal with Jaqen H'ghar's help. He shows her something of himself. Theon and his men are surrounded at Winterfell and are forced to abandon their position. They don't leave much behind. North of the wall, Jon impresses his captor in a fight with one of his own. King Robb and Talisa are married despite the promise he had previously made. Brienne and Jaime Lannister continue their journey but not without difficulty. In Qarth, Daenerys enters the House of the Undying to retrieve her dragons.
Sansa is released from marriage to Joffrey. Bran and Rickon escape Winterfell. Robb marries Talisa Maegyr. To get her dragons back, Daenerys must face the House of the Undead. Jon joins the wildlings as a spy. Arya says goodbye to Jaqen H'ghar.
Tyrion is not rewarded but ostracized instead. Joffrey rewards Lord Tywin, Littlefinger and Loras Tyrell that asks Joffrey to marry his sister Margaery and he puts Sansa aside. Sansa is happy for his decision, but Littlefinger advises her that Joffrey will not stop bothering her and offers to help her to escape from Ling's Landing. Robb marries Talisa despite the advice of Catelyn that is against. Brienne saves Jaime from three Stark men that have recognized him on the road. Theon and his men are under siege in Winterfell and Dagmer stabs Luwin with a spear; hits Theon and they flee, burning Winterfell to the ground. Arya, Gendry and Hot Pie cross paths with Jaqen. He tells to Arya that he is going to Braavos and invites her to go with him. The say farewell to each other and Jaqen calls Arya Stark by her name and changes his face. Daenerys enters in the House of the Undying and is tempted by the Iron Throne; by Drago and her son; and she finally finds her three dragons that burn Pyat Pree to ashes. Then Daenerys finds that Xaro is a liar and does not have a fortune and she locks him and his lover Doreah in the safe. Jon and Halfhand have a sword fight provoked by Halfhand and Jon kills him, earning the confidence of the Lord of Bones. Sam is left behind and sees an army of wights and White Walkers heading to the Fist.
