Daenerys tries to persuade the Second Sons to join her against Yunkai. Stannis releases Davos from the dungeons. Sam and Gilly are attacked by a White Walker. Sansa and Tyrion wed.
The time for Tyrion's wedding to Sansa has arrived. His resolve to not go through with wedding has evaporated and he now accepts its inevitability. He explains to Sansa why he feels he has to go through with it and she too is prepared to do her duty. Joffrey goes out of his way to embarrass them both at the ceremony. Arya assumed Sandor Clegane was taking her to King's Landing and is surprised when tells her where they're going. The Yunkai have hired an army to protect them and Daenerys tries to convince their leaders to come to her side. Most reject her proposal but one decides to take matters into his own hands. Melissandre returns home intent on showing the power of a king's blood. Sam and Gilly encounter a white walker.
Daenerys asks Barristan to schedule a meeting with the leaders of the 2000- professional mercenaries Second Sons. The vulgar Captain Mero, Captain Prendahl na Ghezn and Lieutenant Daario Naharis discuss with Daenery and she gives two days to the leaders to think about her proposal. Mero returns to his camp and decides to kill Daenerys. During the night, Daario comes to Daenerys tent and gives the heads of the two captains to her and swears to serve her. Sam, Gilly and her baby head to Castle Black and they are surprised by a White Walker. Sam stabs the creature with the dragonglass dagger that he found and he kills the White Walker. The Hound is bringing Arya to The Twins to deliver her to Robb. Melisandre brings Gendry to Dragonstone and seduces him. Then she places three leeches on his body to suck Gendry's blood. Then Stannis throw them into the fire as part of the witchcraft and says the name of people he wants dead: the usurpers Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy and Joffrey Baratheon. Tyrion gets married with Sansa and gets drunk in the feast. Then he tells to Sansa in their room that he will sleep in a separate bed, and will only consume the marriage if she wants.
