Bran and company meet Jojen and Meera Reed. Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie meet the Brotherhood. Jaime travels through the wilderness with Brienne. Sansa confesses her true feelings about Joffery to Margaery.
Bran dreams of the three-eyed raven but Osha doesn't want to hear the details. He meets Jojen Reed and his sister Meera. Bran and Jojen seem to have a great deal in common. Robb learns of the fall of Winterfell and also that Catelyn's father has died. He leads his troops to Riverrun for his grandfather's funeral and en route Catelyn tells Talisa of her desire that Jon Snow die when he was just a babe. Cersei tries to warn Joffre about Margaery's ambition but it falls on deaf ears. Brienne and Jamie continue their journey to King's Landing but run into trouble. Sansa believes that Baelish's desire to help her is because he loved her mother. Shae explains the nature of men to her. Sansa meets Margaery and her grandmother Lady Olenna and reveals her the truth about Joffrey. Samwell Tarley is having trouble keeping up as what remains of the Night's Watch as they try to reach the Wall. Arya is also trying to get to Riverrun but she and her companions meet up with the Brotherhood without Banners. At a nearby tavern, someone recognizes her.
Bran has another strange dream and out of the blue, the boy of his dreams appears in their camp and introduces himself as Jojen Reed. After a moment of tension, Jojen and his sister team up with the group they head together to The Wall. Theon is tortured by his captors but a servant releases him and he rides to meets his sister. Loras Tyrell escorts Sansa to meet his sister Margaery and their grandmother Oleanna. The old lady asks to Sansa how Joffrey is like and after a moment of reluctance, Sansa tells that he is a monster. Robb and his mother Catelyn leave Harrenhal to go to the funeral of her father. They are also informed about the fate of Winterfell and that Bran and Rickon are missing. Arya, Gentry and Hot Pie are captured by the Brotherhood and brought to an inn to eat and drink. But they also capture The Hound and Arya's identity is disclosed. Jaime lures Brienne and takes her spare sword and they fight on a bridge, but they are surprised by riders from the House of Bolton led by Locke.
