Lord Baelish arrives at Renly's camp just before he faces off against Stannis. Daenerys and her company are welcomed into the city of Qarth. Arya, Gendry, and Hot Pie find themselves imprisoned at Harrenhal.
Robb attacks a Lannister encampment and afterward meets Lady Talisa Maegyr who treats the wounded in the battlefield. Tyrion puts a stop to King Joffre's mistreatment of Sansa and also blackmails his cousin Lancel, Cersei's lover, into being his spy. Petyr Baelish visits King Renly but Catelyn is not pleased with his presence. He offers to help protect her daughters but a trade for Jaime is the only solution. Catelyn however tries to get Stannis and Renly to bury the hatchet and unite their forces. Davos Seaworth delivers Stannis' witch, Melisandre, to a remote cave where she gives birth. In the desert, one of Daenerys' riders returns with news that the elders of Qarth will receive them. Arya arrives at Harrenhal where one person is killed every day. Lord Tywin arrives unexpectedly and she is soon his cup bearer.
Robb Stark has another victory against the Lannister army. Arya Stark is imprisoned in a stable of an old castle with Gendry and Hot Pie, and they witness the torture and death of prisoners by sadistic torturers. Gendry is chosen to be tortured, but Lord Twyn Lannister arrives and interrupts the torture and assigns Arya for the kitchen. After acknowledging that Robb has defeated the Lannister army, Joffrey tortures Sansa with a crossbow and then he orders Meryn Trant to beat and strip her in front of the court. Tyrion arrives and stops the mistreatment of Sansa. Littlefinger arrives at Renly's camp to avoid him to go to King's Landing. Then he delivers Ned's bones to Catelyn and proposes to exchange Arya and Sansa for Jaime. There is a meeting between Stannis and Renly but they do not have an agreement. Daenery and her group go to the City of Qarth and The Thirteen in principle do not welcome her. Davos brings Melisandre to the shore and the witch delivers a creature made of shadow.
Joffrey punishes Sansa for Robb's victories, while Tyrion and Bronn scramble to temper the king's cruelty. Catelyn entreats Stannis and Renly to forego their ambitions and unite against the Lannisters. Dany and her exhausted khalasar arrive at the gates of Qarth, a prosperous city with strong walls and rulers who greet her outside them. Tyrion coerces a queen's man into being his eyes and ears. Arya and Gendry are taken to Harrenhal, where their lives rest in the hands of "The Mountain," Gregor Clegane. Davos must revert to his old ways and smuggle Melisandre into a secret cove.
