Jon begins his training with the Night's Watch; Ned confronts his past and future at King's Landing; Daenerys finds herself at odds with Viserys.
After the attempted assassination of young Bran, Catelyn leaves for King's Landing to see her husband, convinced that the Lannisters were behind the attempt. On arrival, she is met by a former beau, Petyr Baelish, who tells her that the knife used in the attack on Bran was his - until he lost it in a wager to Tyrion Lannister a year ago. When presented with the evidence, Ned isn't convinced. He's kept busy as the King's Hand and is shocked at King Robert's spendthrift ways. Cersei tells her son Joffrey that when he is King, he can do anything he wants. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys begins to act like a queen and has a confrontation with her brother who makes it clear that he is in charge. She also realizes she is pregnant. At the wall, Ned's illegitimate son Jon Snow undergoes training to become a member of the Night's Watch.
Ned Stark arrives at the King's Landing and is summoned to attend a meeting of the small council and he learns that King Robert is bankrupted. The he meets Arya and explains the attitude of her sister that will marry Joffrey. Bran does not remember what happened to him and will never walk again. Catelyn travels to King's landing with Rodrik Cassel to show the dagger to her husband and she is protected by her old friend Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish that hides her in her brothel. Jon Snow uses his skills to train the Night's Watch. Daenerys uses sex to control and impose on Khal Drogo and his warriors. Catelyn and Ned Stark discover the name of the owner of the dagger used by the assassin.
Ned is busy learning the ropes as king Robert's hand, worried the advisers allow excessive spending on Lannister credit, and not inclined to act on wife Catelyn's claim their crippled son Bran was pushed, but her brothel-running court councilor ex Lord Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish points out the knife used for the second attack point to Tyrion Lannister. Entering Castle Black for his Nightwatch training, Jon Snow overshadows all commoner recruiters, yet takes a hint from Tyrion to account for their lack of preparation and adopts military camaraderie. Jaime waves Cersei's worries if they are found out having attempted to eliminate Bran or the boy remembers, she coaches son and heir Joffrey how to wield royal power, while his bride Sansa's brat sister Arya, who learns fencing with Jon's farewell gift sword, objects to a dynastic union but is shushed by Ned. Khal Drogo accepts now sexually-apt Daenerys stepping up as queen, while brother Viserys Targaryen demands her to be the price for his promised crown.
Arriving at King's Landing after his long journey, Ned is shocked to learn of the Crown's profligacy from his new advisors. At Castle Black, Jon Snow impresses Tyrion at the expense of greener recruits. Suspicious that the Lannisters had a hand in Bran's fall, Catelyn covertly follows her husband to King's Landing, where she is intercepted by Petyr Baelish, aka "Littlefinger," a shrewd longtime ally and brothel owner. Cersei and Jaime ponder the implications of Bran's recovery; Arya studies swordsmanship. On the road to Vaes Dothrak, Daenerys finds herself at odds with Viserys.
