Theon seizes control of Winterfell. Jon captures a wildling, named Ygritte. The people of King's Landing begin to turn against King Joffrey. Daenerys looks to buy ships to sail for the Seven Kingdoms.
In a surprise attack, Theon Greyjoy captures Winterfell demanding an oath of loyalty from everyone there in return for their lives. He is chastised however by the locals for turning on the family that raised him. The execution of a Stark family retainer shows just how serious Theon is. Robb Stark can't believe what's happened and swears to get his revenge. He is also growing fonder of Lady Talisa. At King's Landing, Tyrion knows better than most that war will devastate them and makes arrangements for Cersei's daughter, Myrcella, to be send away to marry. On returning to the palace after seeing her off, King Joffrey and others of the royal court learn exactly what the public thinks of them. North of the wall, Jon Snow and others are on patrol looking for wildlings. They kill a few but one of the survivors is an attractive young woman, Ygritte. At Harrenhall, Arya continues to work as Lord Tywin Lannister's cup bearer. She's taken aback however when a visitor from King's Landing - someone who could recognize her - arrives for a meeting.
The greedy Theon Greyjoy takes over Winterfell, forces Bran to surrender to spare his people and beheads Rodrik Cassel to be respected by his men. However, Maester Luwin succeeds in sending a message to Robb using a raven. Robb Stark wants to return to the North to fight against Theon, but is convinced by Lord Roose to move forward since he will send his bastard son Ramsay with his soldiers to capture Theon for him. Twyn receives Littlefinger at the Harrenhal Castle and Arya tries to hide her face from Littlefinger. She steals a letter that is left on the table but Armory takes the letter and heads to Tywin. Arya finds Jaqen and tells him that Armory is the second one that must immediately die. In King's Landing, Joffrey, Cersei, Tyrion, Sansa are at the docks watching Myrcella departing for Dorne. When the group is returning to the castle through the streets of King's Landing, they are attacked by starving people. The Hound saves Sansa from being raped. Beyond the Wall, the party fights against the Wildings and only a woman named Ygritte survives. Jon Snow is assigned to kill her but Jon hesitates and holds her as a prisoner.
Theon completes his master stroke. In King's Landing, the Lannisters send Myrcella from harm's way in the nick of time. Arya comes face to face with a surprise visitor; Dany vows to take what is hers; Robb and Catelyn receive crucial news; Qhorin gives Jon a chance to prove himself.
