Arya arrives in Braavos. Jaime takes on a secret mission. Ellaria Sand seeks revenge for Oberyn's death. Stannis makes Jon a generous offer as the Night's Watch elects a new Lord Commander. Daenerys is faced with a difficult decision.
Arya Stark sails to Braavos and arrives at the House of Black and White to seek out Jaqen H'ghar; however she is not welcomed to enter in the house and she throws her coin away into the sea. Brienne and Podrick are eating in a tavern and see Sansa and Little Finger, but Sansa refuses to follow Brienne. The men that are escorting Little Finger and Sansa unsuccessfully hunt Brienne and Podrick down on the road. Cersei shows to Jaime that their daughter Myrcella is in danger and Jaime seeks out Bronn and makes an offer for him to travel with him to Dorn. In Meereen, the Son of Harpy is captured and Daenerys has a meeting with her leaders to decide his fate. Barristan advises her to give a fair trial to the man; however Mossador disobeys her order and kills the Son of Harpy. Daenerys sentences him to death and there is a riot in Meereen. Jon Snow is invited by Stannis Baratheon to serve him; in return, he would give the North to Jon and he would be Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell. But Jon Snow turns the invitation down and he is chosen to be the new Lord Commander of the Nights Watch. Arya is finally invited to come to the House of Black and White by Jaqen H'ghar.
Arya arrives in Braavos and goes to the House of Black and White but is refused admittance. After several days, the man who refused her entry finds her living on the streets and takes her to the House where he reveals his true identity. In Mereen, one of the men killing the Unsullen is arrested and Daenerys orders that he stand trial. When the assassin killed, she has the murderer executed earning her the enmity of the slaves she has freed. Brienne finally comes across Sansa, who makes it clear she is not in need of protection. In Dorne, Ellaria Sand wants Doran Martell to seek revenge for the death of his brother. In King's Landing, Cersei takes charge of the small council and Jaime sets off for Dorne to collect Myrcella. At the Wall, the men of the Watch select a new commander.
