Eddard investigates Jon Arryn's murder. Jon befriends Samwell Tarly, a coward who has come to join the Night's Watch.
Ned begins to look into the death of his predecessor and mentor John Arryn. He learns that Arryn was interested in a particular book and also visited a local blacksmith known for making quality arms. There he meets someone quite interesting. At the northern wall, Jon befriends Samwell Tarly an overweight, bumbling young man whose father gave him the choice of joining the Night's Watch or dying in a hunting 'accident'. Sam is the object of scorn from other trainees and their instructor. Jon makes it clear that no harm will come him. Sansa is still not speaking to her father after he was forced to kill her wolf. She is preparing to become Queen someday. Her sister Arya meanwhile is taking sword fighting lessons and sees herself as a knight. Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys defends herself when her brother Vyseris slaps her making it very clear that she too can exercise some authority.
Lord Stark grudgingly presides over preparations for a royal tournament to stimulate morale and economy, despite treasury problems, while Petyr Baelish initiates him in dirty dealings and spies at court, probably also at his family's expense. On the border, noble Jon braves comrade abuse as well as their cynical instructor as protector of Samwell Tarly, the fat recruit, who was 'volunteered' by his abusive father. Throne pretender Viserys Targaryen suffers demeaning physical abuse from Lord Varys, who coerces respect for his sister, now the respected Dothraki queen, but he learns about her rise in bed trough her courtesan coach, now in his intimate service.
Daenerys and Viserys Targaryen have an argument and Viserys hits his sister. However she reacts and tells him that he will lose his hands if he strikes her again. Tyrion Lannister visits Bran at Winterfell and has a cold reception by Robb Stark. The cynical dwarf gives the design of a special saddle for Bran so that he can ride again. The fat and coward Samwell Tarly joins the Night's Watch and is bullied by the other recruits, but Jon Snow protects him. In King's Landing, Ned investigates the death of Jon Arryn and discovers that he was reading a book. Littlefinger sits side by side with Sansa in the tournament and tells the story of two brothers to her. Catelyn and Rodrik Cassel are having lunch in a inn and they have an unexpected encounter with Tyrion.
Ned looks to a book for clues to the death of his predecessor, and uncovers one of King Robert's bastards. Robert and his guests witness a tournament honoring Ned. Jon takes measures to protect Samwell from further abuse at Castle Black; a frustrated Viserys clashes with Daenerys in Vaes Dothrak; Sansa imagines her future as a queen, while Arya envisions a far different future. Catelyn rallies her husband's allies to make a point, while Tyrion finds himself caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.
