Following a debrief from Saul, a stunned Estes authorizes a covert operation to investigate intel recovered in Beirut. Brody, still reeling from his misadventures with the bomb maker, gets another shock when he runs into Carrie.
Jess suggests to Brody that he pack a bag if he won't tell her the truth. The CIA has him under 24-hour surveillance from an off-site location run by Peter Quinn, Estes' loyal and acerbic man. They decide to push Brody by having him run into Carrie outside Langley. That night, he's checked into a hotel, he's sitting at the bar, and he reaches for his phone. That afternoon, a drunk Lauder visits Jess; when she can't reach Brody, she calls Mike. Lauder pushes Mike to think anew about Walker and Brody. Dana's relationship with the Vice President's son includes a visit to the Washington Monument.
Director Estes is startled when Saul show him Brody's confession video and agrees to mount a top-secret operation, outside CIA channels. He gives charge to brilliant analyst Peter Quinn. Carrie agrees to act as romantic lure, but Brody and his contact already suspects her and she ends up giving the game away. Meanwhile Brody's wife has evicted him, assuming adultery, and their daughter Dana plans to dump neighbor boy Xander for vice president William Walden's smarter, slick son Finn.
After Saul shows him Brody's video confession of being a terrorist, David feels like he's between a rock and a hard place concerning his job, until Saul convinces him that the best approach is to expose whatever terrorist plot Brody is working on, which would label him a hero in the eyes of his bosses, including Walden. As such, David, without telling Walden, green lights a covert 24/7 surveillance operation of Brody to be largely done from the outside - that outside team which would include Carrie, and her former cohorts Virgil and Max - with the only people on the inside in the know being the two of them and an agent of David's choosing, who would lead the operation. The chosen one is an agent by the name of Peter Quinn, with whom Carrie gets off on the wrong foot if only because she sees what he is doing as her job. Despite their antagonism, Carrie and Quinn deep down seem to trust each other's instinct on the approach to take. Quinn wants Carrie to reestablish contact with Brody. Carrie has to figure out how far to go in this contact, especially with others now looking on. Meanwhile, as he is unable to provide a plausible explanation as to why he missed the fund-raiser, Jessica throws Brody out of the house. Although he would rather reconcile with his wife, Brody is able to have freer reign in his activities, or so he believes. Dana's friendship with Finn blossoms into a possible romance, despite her current relationship with current boyfriend Xander. And despite being inebriated, Brody's old marine colleague Lauder is able to convince Mike that there may be something to the conspiracy theory that Brody and Walker were in cahoots with whatever was going on the day Walker killed Elizabeth Gaines.
Following a secret debrief from Saul, a stunned Estes authorizes a covert operation to pursue intel recovered in Beirut - but not without putting his own trusted operative in charge. Brody, still reeling from his misadventures, gets another shock when he runs into Carrie at Langley. A casual invitation to bury the hatchet turns into an encounter neither of them could have foreseen. And Dana discovers she has something in common with Finn Walden, the Vice President's son.
