Reeling from the ambush, Carrie and the team struggle to regain control of their operation while Brody and his family attend a fundraiser. Saul visits Aileen in prison, hoping she'll provide key intelligence on the attack.
Reeling from the recent ambush, Carrie and the team struggle to regain control of their operation while Brody and his family attend a fundraiser at a Virginia horse farm. Saul visits Aileen in solitary confinement, hoping she'll provide key intelligence on the attack. An anguished Dana pressures Finn to come clean about their hidden crime, but her quest to tell the truth collides with her father's secret mission in ways neither could have foreseen.
Quinn has survived and recovered well enough to dismiss himself from hospital and return on the job, duly mistrusting Carrie's partial judgment. Finn can't hold out, forced by Dana to tell their parents about their 'hit and run'. The Waldens start damage-control by sending Finn to 'rehab', but Jessica siding with Dana brings Brody to promise taking Dana to the police for a confession. Only the trial threat stops him last-minute. Stressed, he barks at Roya, so the CIA fears he's lost as contact, Carrie decides to 'cure' him with intimacy, albeit on spy camera. Saul tries to bribe cahoot Aileen with a window prison cell into identifying the mystery killer, but harvests only blood.
Dana, feeling guilty, enters into a negotiation with Finn about actually reporting that they were the drivers in the fatal hit-and-run. Meanwhile, Brody seems to be caught in the middle in the aftermath of the very publicly reported ambush in Gettysburg. Peter, one of the few survivors of the ambush, witnessed that the ambush team, which included the unknown man who has met with Roya, removed something of importance from the tailor shop. Because of the high profile nature of the ambush, Brody tries to negotiate with Roya about what he now can or cannot do with all the scrutiny. On the other side, Carrie is dictating what he needs to do as part of their agreement. What is making it more difficult is the current private fund-raising event at the home of Rex Henning, where Brody will be scrutinized as Walden's possible running mate. Added to this is the fact of Mike questioning whoever he can as to Brody's involvement in Tom Walker's death, which included telling Jessica of his beliefs. Meanwhile, in a hail Mary move following the ambush, Saul speaks to imprisoned Aileen about the identity of the man meeting with Roya. She plays hardball, not divulging any information until she gets what she wants - a room with a view - which may be more difficult to accomplish than Saul would like.
In the aftermath of the attack on the tailor's shop, Saul travels to the federal prison housing terrorist Aileen Morgan. She's under lockdown 23 hours per day and agrees to identify the man Roya met in the park if Saul can arrange for her to have a room with a window. Saul runs up against a less than cooperative warden. Roya Hammad contacts Brody to tell him she's arranging for him to meet someone but he's not too keen with all that's happened. Brody and the family spend the weekend at the home of Rex Henning with Vice President Walden where he is being vetted as Walden's running mate. Brody is surprised by some of his host's views. Jess tells Brody about Mike's recent visit and he admits his role in Tom Walker's death. Carrie has no choice but to speak to Mike herself. Dana is still struggling with the hit and run accident and gets Finn to agree they should tell their parents. The Brodys and the Wardens don't exactly see eye to eye on how best to deal with the situation.
