Fresh from her adventures in Beirut, a restless Carrie prepares for what she hopes will be a triumphant return to the CIA. Meanwhile, Brody attempts a last minute extraction of the Gettysburg bomb maker.
Jessica's fund-raising dinner for veterans is tonight, with Brody making a speech and with her also in full view of D.C. high society. With tension between them early that afternoon, is a reconciliation at hand? Then Brody gets a call from Roya, sending him to Pennsylvania. As the afternoon wanes, Jessica calls him and he makes up stories. Will he get to the dinner in time? Carrie works on her report through the night and looks forward to the debrief at Langley at 6:00 PM. How will she respond to a fresh discovery of how the CIA values her?
Brody grudgingly follows instructions via Roya Hammad to bring the Syrian tailor, who supplied his bomb suit and is about to be arrested by the CIA, from his Gettysburg home to a country safe-house. The man fears being eliminated and tries to knock out Brody to escape, resulting in a fatal fight and woodland burial. The time-consuming escapade prevented Brody from giving the keynote speech at a veterans benefit gala he promised to his wife, who fills in successfully but calls it one set of lies too many when he arrives home. Despite a Lebanese customs official searching his diplomatic luggage, Saul brings home the data card he found in the bag Carrie snatched from Abu Nazir's home office. It contains Brody's 'posthumous' apologetic confession to the USA people. Yet instead of handing it over in Langley, Saul brings it to Carrie, whom the director still won't consider reinstating, so she's stuck in a teaching English to foreigners course.
Carrie is feeling energized by the results of the mission in Beirut, as her instincts about the mission ended up being correct, and despite the target, Abu Nazir, not being hit. She is back to her old ways of focusing solely on the CIA work, staying up to all hours of the night preparing the report for the imminent debrief. She even later learns from David that the materials she retrieved from the house in Beirut included some valuable intel, although David and Carrie are yet unaware that those materials also include Brody's confession video, which Saul still has in Beirut. That debrief makes Carrie reevaluate the direction her life is going. Meanwhile, Saul is making his way out of Lebanon, and it is questionable if he will be able to smuggle the video out with him. Elsewhere, Roya informs Brody that the materials that Carrie got from the house in Beirut and which is now in CIA possession may implicate the tailor in Gettysburg. As such, she directs Brody to move the tailor to a safe house immediately. This task places Brody in a difficult position as he is scheduled to speak at Jessica's fundraiser, at which the Vice-President will be introducing him. Brody will have just enough time to get to Gettysburg and transfer the tailor to the safe house and get back to make his speech if all goes without a hitch. However, any delay in the proceedings would jeopardize his ability to make it back in time, which in turn would further place his and Jessica's relationship on rocky ground.
Fresh from her adventures in Beirut, a restless Carrie prepares for what she hopes will be a triumphant return to the CIA. Meanwhile, Brody learns that the Gettysburg bomb maker is on a terrorist watch list and in danger of imminent discovery. With no time to lose, Brody attempts a last-minute extraction. And Jessica takes risks of her own as she steps into the political limelight.
