An official inquiry brings Carrie back to the States, where she struggles with her ambivalence towards motherhood. Quinn spirals out of control. And a former case officer reveals disturbing new information.
While conscience-wresting Quinn works out his frustration in a bar fight, landing him in jail for a night, heartless Carrie spends only one day actually caring for her baby daughter before dumping Brody's kid back on her unamused sister. Jordan Harris's secret, being archive-buried for trying to expose the illegal exchange of secrets, allows Carrie to blackmail careerist director Lockhart into returning her to the field, now as Islamabad section chief, to investigate. Dar Adal suggests Saul should seize the scandal to bid for the director seat again, but he prefers to remain in private security and accepts an offer from Carrie to modernize her new Pakistani post. Med student Aayan Ibrahim hides chemicals with his girl friend and is abusively intimidated by Taliban supporters.
Lockhart recalls both Carrie and Quinn to the US for them to debrief him on the Islamabad drone strike and Sandy Bachman's murder, which they both witnessed, in preparation for Lockhart's appearance in front of a Congressional hearing on the issues. On the professional front, Carrie is gearing to be sent back to the region, specifically as the new Islamabad section chief to find out exactly what was going on with Sandy, much of his life which was unknown to his colleagues in Islamabad. Carrie and Quinn believe that an agent named Jordan Harris, who was seemingly demoted from a field position in Islamabad to a clerical job in Washington, may be the key to finding out about Sandy. What Lockhart has in mind for them beyond the debrief may be totally different. On the personal side, both Carrie and Quinn are not functioning well. Sandy's murder hit Quinn harder than he let on, and for emotional support he turns to the one person who is there for him. And while she is in Washington, Carrie knows that she has to face both her sister Maggie and her daughter Franny, who Maggie has temporarily put her own life on hold to take care of for Carrie while Carrie was stationed in a war zone. Carrie may find that being Mom may be more difficult than any of her professional obligations. Meanwhile, Saul gets wind that Lockhart's position as Director may be in jeopardy and that he may have an in for the job if he wants it. And in Islamabad, Aayan, the face of the wedding video, believes the whole world is watching him, while he just wants to be left alone. He will find out if his beliefs are true or if he is being paranoid.
