Carrie must decide what her heart really wants. Brody shares a drink with Faber to discuss the future of his family. Saul is tasked with a secret mission and Quinn makes a decision that may change everything.
Brody, Carrie, Estes, Quinn, and Dana must make choices. Brody and Carrie repair to the lakeside cabin where their affair took a serious turn some months ago. Quinn is watching from across the lake, with orders from Estes. A high-powered rifle is at his side. Saul is locked down with a minder while Estes covers tracks. The CIA plans a memorial as well as a burial at sea.
Now Walden and Abu Nazir are killed, Brody and Carrie ponder their future, together or with her in the CIA, in her family's lake cabin. Quinn is there to eliminate Brody on Estes's orders, but decides against it and tells the director so. Saul is released and pushes Carrie to return and even apply for a station chief post. Brody agrees divorce with his wife and tells Mike the house-father spot is thus free again. At a Langley facility, Walden's funeral is held.
Following Brody and Jess' break-up, Brody and Carrie, at her family cabin by the lake, discuss if there is a future for them, and taking that one step further if there is the possibility that it be a happy future. The one thing both Carrie and Brody realize is that Carrie cannot choose both to be with him and still be an employee of the CIA, Carrie expecting to be reinstated if she wants back in. Regardless, Brody decides to speak to Mike about the situation between himself and Jess. Meanwhile, Saul is still being held in custody by David until Peter carries out his mission to assassinate Brody, which is made all the more difficult because of Brody and Carrie's liaison. David and Peter end up having a heart to heart following Peter completing the mission as he sees it. And the funerals for both Walden and Abu Nazir are held. One of the deceased ends up having a profound effect from the grave.
Brody and Carrie are spending some time at the lake and discuss what possible future they might have together. Brody is committed but they both Carrie realize Carrie cannot both have him and a career as an intelligence officer. They're not alone at the lake however. Peter Quinn is also there with a high powered rifle and Brody in his sights. Saul attends Nazir's burial at sea while Brody, Carrie and many others attend a memorial at the CIA for Vice President Walden. Carrie makes her choice but Nazir has left them with one more surprise and they are both on the run. Brodie is soon the most wanted man in America.
