Carrie and Saul identify Walker's contact in Washington but their target has diplomatic immunity; Brody is approached to run for a disgraced congressman's seat in the House of Representatives.
As predicted by his Jihadist mentor, Brody is asked by vice president William Walden tun run for Congress. Carrie assures him their affair is not even known to her CIA colleagues and Mike helps him overcome Jessica's fear for press scrutiny of their adulterous affairs; Saul's team finds that traitor sniper Tom walker's paying contact is Saudi embassy diplomat Mansour Al-Zahrani. To bypass his immunity, he's blackmailed with his gambling debts and anti-Islamic gay bathhouse pleasures, enough to ruin his entirely Westernized family. However, the trap set for Walker goes awfully wrong.
The CIA learns that Saudi diplomat, Mansour Al-Zahrani, is acting as one of the conduits between Abu Nazir and Tom Walker. They also learn of two issues in Al-Zahrani's life which they want to exploit in getting him to talk, primarily about Walker's current location and his mission for Nazir. Against the objections of the state department, the CIA, using those two issues, sets up a sting operation on Al-Zahrani to bring him in, at least for a couple of hours before the Saudi Embassy realizes that he may be missing. To her surprise, David asks Carrie to be the lead interrogator. Beyond the two issues, Carrie realizes that she will have to push the right buttons with Al-Zahrani, as, according to Virgil's assessment, he is the type of man either to sing like a jaybird if even slightly pressured, or die for his country. Meanwhile, Brody receives a visit from the Vice-President who asks him to run for what will soon be a vacant seat in Congress. On the surface, Brody does whatever he can to receive Jess' support so that he can accept the nomination. However, she and the western world are unaware of Brody's ulterior motives. And Carrie is excited about a date request. The eventual encounters ends up being anything but, much to her emotional dismay.
The CIA now focus their investigation on Mansour Al-Zahrani, Second Secretary at the Saudi embassy and Abu Nazir's operative in the USA. He has several weaknesses not the least of which are huge debts resulting from bad investments and a penchant for spending Thursday afternoons at a gay bathhouse. They want to interrogate him for a few hours and David Estes decides Carrie should lead the interrogation. He turns to a surprising source for help in convincing her. Brody is surprised at home when Vice President William Walden visits him. He wants Brody to run for the recently vacated Congressional seat but when Jess hears about the offer, she's dead set against it. Brody turns to an old friend to try and get her on side.
