Brody embarks on a high stakes mission, but his fragile condition threatens the entire operation. Quinn makes an uncomfortable discovery about Carrie, while a sudden crisis forces Fara to rejoin the team.
Brody has undergone cold turkey and is now lead asset in a CIA mission at the Iraq-Iranian border. Saul is set under pressure by senator Lockhart, while the mission enforces main setbacks. Carrie stands up trying to diverge the mission back in control.
Brody is physically rehabilitated completely. Senator Lockhart now accepts that the mission is to be part of his 'inheritnace', hence cooperates with Saul and the military supervising the operations by drone and satellite from a Langley HQ. Brody is part of a team posing as Al Qaida defectors in a suitable sector of the Kurdish no-man's-land on the Iraq-Iranian border. They run into unexpected trouble with Iraqi border guards and a landmine, Saul can barely prevent orders to cover up by missile bombing. Only Brody and a badly wounded mate reach the border, where Iranian Revolutionary Guards roughly capture them. Javadi arrives to take Brody to Teheran but coldly executes his 'bothersome' companion.
Brody and his team are in place in Iraq trying to figure out a way to make it across the border into Iran so that they can be captured by Javadi and the Iranians. With Brody's identity well known, their cover story is that they are an Al Qaida cell, Brody, the Langley bomber, who is wanting asylum. The team encounters one problem after another, some more severe than others, and some which could compromise the mission and risk Brody and the team's lives. They are being monitored back in the States via satellite. Those having real time access to the mission include: Carrie and Peter, the latter who, in private, questions Carrie's presence if only because he knows of her pregnancy; Senator Lockhart, who now wants to know what's going on as he will inherit whatever the outcome of the mission is for good or bad; and Mike Higgins, who wants to shield the president from what's going on, and shield the president from any negative fallout if there ends up being any. Carrie believes she has to enact a Plan B on the ground based on the events of the day.
