Carrie receives new evidence from an undercover agent and stays glued to the surveillance footage of Brody's home, which reveals a man struggling with his traumatic memories.
Carrie receives a new piece of electronic evidence from an undercover agent while staying glued to the surveillance footage of life in Brody's home, which reveals a man struggling with his traumatic memories and resisting pressure to become a media hero.
As Carrie is able to convince Saul that Brody is sending messages via code, Saul obtains a warrant, albeit a temporary one month one, for her to continue the surveillance unofficially. What Carrie sees in her surveillance of Brody by day three of his return home is a man who has not left the house, who has not agreed to any interviews despite the throngs of reporters camped outside their house, and who has not reenlisted despite both the CIA and the Marines wanting to parade him around to the public as a hero and a success story. Carrie also sees that he has violent nightmares, and tries to maintain an "everything is all right" demeanor to his family while he cowers in the corner of his bedroom for hours on end when no one is around. When Brody does finally leave the house, Carrie may have problems seeing his every move, the blind spot which irritates her. But Carrie believes her surveillance is even more justified when one of her undercover agents reports a sighting of Abu Nazir, the first such in seven years. The agent, who does not see herself as anyone besides a small town girl who wanted to help her country when asked, fears for her life, that fear which Carrie has to quell if only to keep her undercover in this pursuit of Abu Nazir.
After three days at home, Brody continues to have nightmares and talking in his sleep.With the media camped outside his front door he's under pressure to get into the public eye in support of U.S. policies. The CIA crypt-analysts can't find any decipherable pattern to Brody's finger movements. Carrie Matheson continues to monitor his movements inside his home and Saul Berenson obtains a FISA warrant, valid for 4 weeks, legalizing what she is doing. There's no camera in Brody's garage however. One of Carrie's informants, an American by the name of Lynn, tells her Abu Nazir recently met the Middle Eastern Prince she works for. Carrie is convinced that Abu Nazir's reappearance after a long absence and Brody sudden return home are connected.
