Carrie tries to earn the trust of a frightened asset. On his way out of town, Saul catches a break when he spots a familiar face. Quinn and Fara stake out a new suspect.
To Quinn's disgust, Carrie shamelessly seduces innocent virgin Aayan Ibrahim into bed to win his trust. Saul tails criminal ICI-henchman Farhad Ghazi at the airport, but ends up his captive without any CIA staff noticing. Quinn and Fara's stakeout meanwhile yields the imam who accompanied Ayaan's most-wanted uncle. Ambassador Boyd's husband Dennis finds her neither pleased nor surprised when he announces he's staying, indeed having missed out on an academic new chance, but does well as ICI spy.
Carrie takes extreme measures to co-opt Aayan, she realizing that she has approximately three days before he may catch on that there is no trip to London in his future, at least not from her. Her tactics may backfire on her, both in relation to Aayan's innocent sensibilities, and what others may perceive of her tactics if they find out. With Carrie figuratively missing in action while she deals with Aayan, Quinn and Fara go on a stakeout at the location where she spotted a still alive Haissam Haqqani, a best case scenario being that they spot him again, but hoping at least to find out who the cleric that he was with is. The stakeout takes different paths than inexperienced Fara may be willing to go, but she may also find that she is more willing to do whatever is required, much like her unofficial mentor, Carrie. At Benezir Bhutto Airport on his way out of Islamabad, who Saul spots at the airport may change his travel plans. And Professor Boyd contemplates what to do to get out of the hole he has dug for himself, those thoughts which include possibly telling someone in authority, regardless of the fact that it would lead to charges of treason against him and effectively destroy Martha's diplomatic career. The one person he does not yet feel ready to come clean to is Martha, who is most concerned about the slow disintegration of her marriage, the result of Dennis no longer being the man she married.
