Carrie gets a tip from Redmond regarding Quinn's lead. Saul calls in a favor with an old friend in the Pakistani military. Fara uncovers a deep-rooted conspiracy.
Quinn reluctantly accepts joining Carrie's Pakistan team to examine his theory that Sandy's lynching was orchestrated by a Pakistani intelligence officer, or as turns out their thug 'subcontractor' Farhad Ghazi. Now Ayaan is without prospect, he considers and accepts a proposal from Carrie, posing as Fara's London editing chief, to sell his family's story for a safe scholarship in London, which doesn't even exist. Following him, the team discovers his uncle, Taliban commander Haissam Haqqani, wasn't killed by the drone. The ambassador's husband, a politics professor, is blackmailed and laves Islamabad feigning a dream job. Saul calls markers on retired Pakistani military intelligence general Bunny Latif but the incumbent is impressed nor amused.
Quinn arrives in Islamabad to join Carrie's covert team, on his discovery, which he shared with Carrie, that Sandy's murder was orchestrated by ISI, and was not a spontaneous action by an angry mob. As ISI is involved, Carrie asks Saul to speak unofficially to his Pakistani contacts, which could place him in a precarious situation based on the sensitive nature of the accusations. Carrie is able to discover that the "man with the earpiece" is a thug named Farhad Ghazi, something she could not have discovered, or at least not as quickly, without Redmond's assistance, who she may or may not know is trying to find out what she's up to, especially in her movements outside the embassy. The covert team know they now have a new task in addition to co-opting Aayan, namely surveil Ghazi, including bugging his phone which may be more difficult to achieve than they would like. Based on what happens to him, Aayan now feels that he has no better option than the one offered to him by Carrie to resume his life in London for his story. But in his need for the equivalent of $500, what he plans to do with it which he does not divulge to Carrie or her team, leads to Fara discovering some information which could be a major game changer in the work of the team. And Sandy's mole is approached by the people to who he "sold" the information, which could place the mole's life on the line, especially if his identity is discovered and he thus charged with treason against the US.
