After new information comes to light, Carrie and Quinn pursue a key suspect in the Langley bombing. Saul deals with political backlash while Fara discovers the toll an intelligence job can take.
Saul has only nine days left as interim CIA director and successor senator Andrew Lockhart opposes operation Majid, but the chief of staff agrees that Saul can continue the top-secret project so long. Saul also authorizes Quinn to lead a team to investigate Majid's suggestion that Brody didn't place the bomb and the real culprit is still in the States, handled by 'his' law firm. After Dar Adal 'warns' his golf contact, senior partner Leland Bennett, his deputy Paul Franklin is instructed to get rid of him. When he turns up armed, pregnant Carrie breaks orders and has to be shot, obsessed with the only chance to clear Brody. Saul's wife dumps her lover. Financial analyst Fara's Iranian exiled father finds out about her CIA employment when she's rebuked for taking sickies to mind sickly Mr. Sherazi.
Carrie believes Javadi's news that the Langley bomb maker and the person that moved Brody's car is still alive and still in the US, and the one person who knows the bomber's identity is Leland Bennett. Saul, Dar, Carrie and Quinn decide to set a trap for Bennett to learn the bomber's identity using Dar's old connections with him. Carrie's pregnancy adds urgency for her to clear Brody's name, she dealing with the pregnancy from a health perspective for the first time while working this latest mission. As Saul continues to debrief those that need to know about Javadi, the already large wedge between himself and Lockhart grows even bigger. Fara's actions in combination with hiding her job from her father places the work in jeopardy. Saul's last minute news to Mira that he has to take a business trip and may be gone for up to a week adds a cold freeze to what was the thaw that was happening in their marriage. But something, or more precisely someone else could be a bigger problem for Mira and Saul.
