Brody finds himself prisoner again, but this time it's on American soil. Meanwhile, Carrie is forced to play second fiddle after her rash judgment call at the hotel as Estes is busy keeping Jessica off their trail.
Brody finds himself prisoner again, but this time it's on American soil. Meanwhile, Carrie is forced to play second fiddle after her rash judgment call at the hotel as Estes is busy keeping Jessica off their trail. Dana's relationship with Finn goes to the next level when their date night turns deadly serious.
Peter Quinn is furious because Carrie forced the team to arrest Brody ultimately, yet conducts the 'bad cop' first interrogation during the traitor's unauthorized detention, culminating in a knife trough Brody's hand. After an emotional duel Brody ultimately confesses to Carrie. Finn takes Dana, who dumped Xander, on a ride, shaking his Secret Service escort. Alas speeding too much due to her cheering ends in running over a woman. To avoid a politically catastrophic scandal, Finn leaves the scene unseen.
After Carrie confronts Brody, the covert surveillance mission on Brody changes as the team takes Brody into custody. Their goals now are to get Brody to confess to being a terrorist most specifically in the non-completed suicide mission to kill Vice-President Walden the day in the bunker, and to get him to divulge Abu Nazir's grand plan, which they believe will be some sort of massive terrorist attack on US soil. David believes they have no more than twenty-four hours before anyone in Brody's life will notice him missing, most importantly anyone in Abu Nazir's circle. But the person who becomes most problematic for David is a tenacious Jessica, who does whatever she can to find her husband for the sake of their marriage. With the actual interrogation, Saul suggests that Carrie lead it as the person who knows Brody the best, however Peter, as the team lead, has the final decision, which he will make evaluating Carrie's mental state. Meanwhile, Dana goes on her first official date with Finn, which doesn't turn out the way either anticipated.
Brody is now being detained by the CIA and Saul suggests that Carrie be the one to interrogate him. Estes decides Peter Quinn is to question him but gets little information. Brody sticks to his story: he doesn't know why the torture stopped during his captivity; he never met Abu Nazir or his son; he didn't conspire to kill the Vice President. His facade however is shattered when he learns the CIA has his video confession. After Quinn steps over the line, Carrie takes over and is far more successful. He tells her about Roya Hammad and the bomb vest tailor in Arlington. Meanwhile Dana and Finn go out on a date that doesn't end well.
