Brody makes a necessary phone call. Saul teams up with Virgil and Max to dig up some information on one of their own. Carrie finds herself preparing for the most important meeting of her career.
In an effort to clarify his priorities, Brody makes a necessary phone call before things spiral further out of control. Saul teams up with Virgil and Max to dig up some information on one of their own. Meanwhile, the Brody family enjoys an all-expense paid vacation of sorts and Carrie finds herself preparing for the most important meeting of her career.
Captured Brody is brought to Abu Nazir, who still seems to trust him despite a rude outburst and instructs him what must be preparations for another bombing to kill the vice president, this time with hundreds of just repatriated Afghanistan veterans. His report allows the CIA and FBI to capture several terrorists and confiscate the bombs, but Abu Nazir escapes. Saul's regulars mistrust Quinn, find out his double identity and that he works for Dar Adal, whom Saul knows to enjoy Estes's confidence. Mike takes the Brody family to a luxury safe-house, where Jessica shamelessly commits new adultery with him.
Brody has been missing for twelve hours to wherever Roya has taken him via helicopter. Carrie, Saul, Peter and David fear that Brody's cover has been blown, and their mission has therefore failed. Brody, however, does get in touch, first and foremost to get the CIA to provide protection for his family. The team learns his concern is that he met with Abu Nazir, who is in the US. Nazir does indeed have an immediate terrorist plan, which involves Brody. The target is the homecoming ceremony for returning military, the ceremony over which Walden and Brody are to preside. Saul, Carrie, Peter and David have to decide how much they will tell Walden in their effort both to stop the attack, but equally as important to kill Abu Nazir. They also have to decide how far they will go with Roya in their effort to get to Nazir. Meanwhile, Mike has been tasked by the CIA to lead Brody's family into safety without making it look like the CIA is involved to anyone who may be watching. This move places greater focus on the tensions that already exist within the family. And Saul, with Virgil and Max's help, decides to dig into Peter's life to find out exactly who he is. Because of what they find, Saul decides to confront David with his suspicion that David did not place Peter in the position as mission leader for his analytical skills.
Brody has now been absent for 12 hours and his CIA handlers have little hope that he is still alive. Just as they are about to arrest Roya Hammad Brody makes contact insisting that his family be put into protective custody before he comes in. Carrie decides that Mike Faber would be the best person to get the family to safety. When Brody comes in he tells them Abu Nazir is in the country and is planning an attack at the ceremony honoring 300 Marines returning from Afghanistan. Brody's role in all of this is simple - convince the Vice President that a journalist should be allowed to cover the event: Roya Hammad. Saul, who has been suspicious of Peter Quinn, starts looking into his background. Quinn's real orders become obvious. Meanwhile, at the safe house Jess and Mike once again become lovers.
