Against the advice of her family, Carrie becomes involved in an operation that may rid the world of Abu Nazir once and for all. Meanwhile, Mike questions the nature of the events surrounding the shooting of Elizabeth Gaines.
Before she makes it to a safe house, Carrie interviews the wife of a Lebanese official on her own, learning that Abu Nazir will be in Beirut the next day. Estes and Saul are skeptical, fearing that the CIA is being set up; Carrie believes the informant. Back in D.C., Dana makes an unexpected friend, Jessica takes a step into political high society, Brody's Army buddies want him to get to the bottom of why the unerring Tom Walker missed when he shot at the Vice President, and Brody gets an invitation to the Pentagon. Will Nazir show up, or is it an ambush. How will Carrie react?
Against her temporary assignment guidelines, Carrie arranges a meeting with the Hezbollah traitor wife without even informing Saul, thus rendering the info highly dubious. However it's too urgent for confirmation and crucial: a chance to get Abu Nazir. Vice-president Walden invites Brody to the operation command, unwittingly enabling him to warn the terrorist leader just in time. Meanwhile Brody's wife is invited to co-host a charity event where the Congressman should be keynote speaker. Thus their daughter also properly meets and befriends preppy schoolmate Finn Walden.
While in Beirut, Carrie is able to meet with Fatima Ali, although not at the appointed time and location in Saul's presence, as Carrie felt it was safer to find Fatima since she knew Saul was being followed. In return for money and safe passage out of Lebanon, Fatima tells Carrie of a meeting tomorrow between her husband and Abu Nazir, including its location. This information causes a problem as David and Saul have to gage from its second hand nature if it is indeed legitimate or a set-up, their apprehension solely due to Carrie's own state of mind. Despite Carrie realizing that she no longer trusts her own judgment after being so wrong about Brody, David and Saul's mistrust of her adds another obstacle to her recuperation. Regardless, getting a taste of her old life may be too difficult for Carrie to let go of. Meanwhile, Dana's "my father is a Muslim" comment continues to make ripples, not only within the family, but also externally. Jessica gets more involved in high profile activities associated with the wife of a Vice-Presidential candidate. And Brody's marine life comes back to haunt him, first by a request from Walden, and second in being questioned by Mike and his old colleagues about things that just don't seem to fit together regarding Tom Walker's last mission before being killed.
In Beirut, Carrie meets her one-time source Fatima Ali who has important news for her: Abu Nazir will be in Beirut the next day to meet with her husband. When Carrie reunites with Saul, he's not too keen that she didn't follow their original back-up plan. When they relate the information David Estes in Washington, he questions its authenticity. Saul authorizes the operation to capture or kill Nazir but things don't go as planned. Nazir arrives for the meeting but Brody manages to tip him off. Carrie does retrieve important information before she leaves Beirut. In Washington, Jessica thinks she may have a way to raise both her and Brody's profile by doing some fund-raising for disabled war vets. Dana accompanies her mother to the Vice President's house and finds classmate Finn Walden to be nicer than she imagined. Brody's old friend Mike Faber wants him to look into how their good friend and expert marksman Tom Walker missed when he tried to kill the Vice President.
Against the advice of her family, Carrie becomes involved in an operation that may rid the world of Abu Nazir once and for all. Brody's handler presses the Congressman into service causing his relationship with Jessica to take a hit. Meanwhile, Mike questions the nature of the events surrounding the shooting of Elizabeth Gaines.
