The security breach at the Embassy has far reaching consequences.
The marines being recalled too late, Haqqani's Taliban commando force succeeds in taking over the US embassy, taking most staff hostage and threatening to kill them one by one unless the key staff, who took refuge in the 'vault', hands him the vital contacts list. Director Andrew Lockhart panics after seeing an execution and obeys, Haqqani escapes. The White House decides to break off diplomatic relations, transfer the CIA operations to Kabul, evacuate all staff and suspend Carrie. Only Peter Quinn slips out hunt Haqqani down without Pakistani permission, Lockhart 'informally' grants Carrie five days to get Peter back either way.
Carrie and Saul are among the two that survive the initial attack on their convoy, with almost the entire marine unit based at the US Embassy deployed to deal with the attack as the convoy is still under siege by long range snipers. Carrie and Saul are unaware of what is happening at the embassy. Dennis tells Martha just before it happens that Haqqani is aware of the secret tunnel underneath the embassy as a way in and out, he orchestrating the attack on the convoy as a diversion to empty the embassy of all marines before he and his men storm the compound via the tunnel. With the staff at the embassy directed quickly to "pack up" and destroy all sensitive materials, Lockhart is made aware of and is given possession of the only copy of their Pakistani asset list, which he is to secure in the vault. As Haqqani and his men storm the embassy, Quinn and a marine private, one of the two marines still left in the compound, are able to hide from them, with Quinn and the private knowing that their first priority is to ensure that that asset list does not get into Haqqani's hands. During the siege, Tasneem and General Khan come clear to each other about their own priorities, and while they may outwardly have the same goal of Pakistani national security, they have different views on how best to achieve that. As the dust settles on what happens at the embassy and at the on-road attack site, some in the US contingent take unilateral, unsanctioned and/or unofficial action on how best to protect the American presence in the region.
