The CIA orders polygraphs on everyone who came in contact with Nazir's operatives, which Carrie sees as an opportunity to finally learn the truth about Brody.
Reeling after losing key players in Nazir's plot against America, the CIA orders polygraphs on everyone who came in contact with them, including Brody, which Carrie sees as an opportunity to finally learn the truth.
Walker's memorial service is upcoming. As his best friend, Brody has been asked to provide the eulogy, which may be difficult because of his part in Walker's death. But the events of the service bring to the surface an issue that has so far been bubbling under the surface. Brody turns to an unlikely source to deal with his emotions. Meanwhile, Carrie and Saul, who have reconciled following their fight, convince Estes to allow them to conduct a polygraph test on the eleven people who had direct access to Hamid while he was in custody to see who if any of them provided Hamid with the razor with which he committed suicide. Carrie is certain this process will finally expose Brody. The polygraph has some unintended consequences, especially for Carrie and Saul. Meanwhile, the team follow up on leads as to the whereabouts of Faisel. In the process, they learn that he was not alone, but with a young Caucasian woman. Conversely, Faisel and Morgan have to figure out where they can go that is safe from both sides. And Saul makes a decision about his professional life that he hopes will strengthen his marriage.
Carrie suggests that everyone who had contact with Afsal Hamid undergo a lie detector test. The CIA sweep Raqim Faisel's house and find very little. Saul questions a neighbor who tells him Faisel was married. Faisel and Aileen Morgan flee to a safe house where they are supposed to be contacted. The Agency is soon on to them and they realize Aileen is the driving force in the relationship. The CIA aren't the only ones looking for them however. Brody and Jessica attend a memorial for his fallen comrade Tom Walker and then hold at reception at their home. A drunken former Marine reveals that Mike and Jessica had an affair leading to a fist fight.
