Dana visits the hospital and is shocked by what she sees there. Faber gets tangled up with the CIA when he asks one too many questions about Tom Walker. Brody agrees to work with Carrie and Quinn to stop an attack.
Dana visits the hospital and is shocked by what she sees there. Faber gets tangled up with the CIA when he asks one too many questions about Tom Walker. Brody agrees to work with Carrie and Quinn to stop an attack on America, but his loyalty to the United States is questioned when Gettysburg once again becomes a battleground.
The team is unable to identify a crucial man who reoccurs on crucial recordings. Brody accepts a deal: immunity, to spare his family a humiliating trial, in exchange for helping the CIA. Finn is horrified to learn Dana visited their car crash victim in hospital and feels guilty for her death, even considers talking to someone. Pressed by fellow veterans, Mike asks questions about Walker's execution. Brody reluctantly misinforms terrorist contact Roya about the tailor's workshop, but following the mystery man fails and he in fact heads a fake FBI SWAT-team which overpowers Quinn's search party in Gettysburg to recuperate a well-hidden metal case. Jessica makes up with Brody, who can only counter her 'no secrets' condition by claiming he's now a to secret CIA collaborator.
Despite Brody now providing information to the surveillance team in return for immunity, they still don't fully trust him. Based on information he has provided, they begin to follow Roya Hammad. A meeting she has with an unidentified man ends up being a problem, both in terms of trying to identify the man and to get close enough to her to pick up the audio of their conversation. They also eventually learn from Brody that the Gettysburg tailor, his shop which they have been watching, will no longer be returning since he is dead. As such, the team moves in to find any clues hidden in the shop, which ends up being a problem. Meanwhile, Mike decides to follow up on Lauder's suspicions that Brody was involved in Tom Walker's death somehow. And Dana tries to find any information she can first hand about her and Finn's hit-and-run victim, which may further drive a wedge between the two.
With the information provided by Brody, the CIA begins following Roya Hammad. She meets an unknown man in a public park and Carrie turns to Brody to find out who he is. Brody has also come clean about the death of the Gettysburgh tailor and the CIA move in to search the shop, something that has disastrous results. Mike Faber continues his one-man investigation into Tom Walker's death. He's told by Saul and David Estes to back off. He presses on however and finds Brody's pistol hidden in the garage and tells Jess of his suspicions. Dana visits the hospital where the hit and run victim was taken and meets the woman's daughter.
