The political powers that be make big plans for national hero Brody, but his increasingly erratic behavior threatens his media darling status; Carrie grows desperate for evidence linking Brody with Abu Nazir.
The political powers that be make big plans for national hero Brody, but his increasingly erratic behavior threatens his media darling status; Carrie grows desperate for evidence linking Brody with Abu Nazir, as Saul directs her to focus on Nazir's money trail.
Brody has become a national hero and darling of the speaker/talk show circuit since his exclusive interviews with Lawrence O'Donnell. That public image hides problems at home, which includes Jessica believing that he knows about her former relationship with Mike. An incident at a party threatens both his family life and public image. Prior to that incident, Vice-Presidential advisor Elizabeth Gaines also expresses to Estes her concern over Brody's emotional state while wanting to take advantage of that public image. Meanwhile, the strongest lead that Carrie has of a terrorist attack is Lynne Reed's murder and the theft of the expensive necklace she was wearing, that necklace which Carrie believes is being used as the method of payment to the terrorist organization. Based on surveillance of the prince's aide, Carrie believes the recipient of that necklace payoff is one of fifty-one people who entered a laundromat since the aide's sighting there. With no evidence against Brody beyond she seeing the dichotomy between his home life and public façade, Carrie is forced to dismantle her surveillance unit on him against her wishes. She decides to use a more direct approach in monitoring Brody. And Estes assigns a new partner to Carrie, an eager agent named Danny Galvez, just promoted from research analyst. In reality, Danny's task, which he is uncomfortable doing, is to find out if Carrie is doing anything outside of her official duties on this case, while Estes, on the surface, tries to mend relations with Carrie, their friction which was the result of both professional and personal issues.
After the success of his TV interview, Nicholas Brody has become something of a celebrity. He's in high demand for interviews and TV appearances and is a guest speaker to Marines going out on deployment. At a church lunch, Brody meets Elizabeth Gaines, a policy advisor to the Vice President. Mike Faber and Jessica suspect Brody may be aware of the relationship they developed. Brody odd behavior pushes Jessica to the brink. Saul now feels they know how money is being transferred - the jewels given to and stolen from Lynne Reed - and the CIA has photos of Prince Farud Bin Abud's chief aide Latif Bin Walid carrying a package into a known currency broker just nine hours after Lynne's death. Deputy Director David Estes approves an operation to look into those who may have had contact with the broker. As the warrant on Brody's surveillance expires, Carrie is ordered to remove the equipment. She complies but Estes gets another agent to shadow her and learn if she's running something on the side.
