The Brody family reluctantly steps into the spotlight with an exclusive television interview; Carrie and her team close in on an Al Qaeda plot to fund a terrorist attack on the U.S.
Despite misgivings, the Brody family prepares to step into the spotlight with an exclusive television interview; at the CIA, Carrie and her team close in on an Al Qaeda plot to fund a terrorist attack on the U.S.
Saul is having trust issues with Carrie ever since she went behind his back to conduct the illegal surveillance on Brody. He takes out his frustration on her in a public manner. Carrie, in turn, is feeling pressure to produce with only three weeks left in their surveillance warrant, with nothing substantial yet to show for it. She is hoping that Lynne will be able to download the information from the Prince's cell phone for her, which she is certain will contain vital information. But Lynne is asked to do something out of the ordinary for the Prince, which may be more vital in terms of information. To keep Lynne continuing with this risky work, Carrie continues to lie to her about the security detail protecting her. At the Brody house, most of the activity centers around Brody's now agreement to do a series of exclusive interviews with Lawrence O'Donnell, which includes an interview with the entire family. Dana doesn't want to participate and perpetuate the lie in public of their perfect family. Despite the advice she receives from her friends on how to deal with the issue, Dana ends up bonding with her father, much to a surprised and disappointed Jessica, who hasn't had that same relationship with her daughter. Jessica eventually learns why Dana has bonded with her just returned father.
Brody prepares for his and his family's interviews with Lawrence O'Donnell but his 16 year-old daughter Dana is rebelling. She is particularly angry at her mother for the relationship she developed with family friend Mike Faber. She threatens to tell her father everything but while she and Brody bond, he also asks her to give her mother a break as his return has been stressful for everyone. Carrie's agent, Lynne Reed, manages to download the contents of Prince Farin Bid Abbud's cellphone. She fears he may have seen her but he gives her a magnificent gift of a diamond necklace. It's all part of a greater strategy.
