Brody confronts the lone survivor among the insurgents that held him, but their reunion surprises everyone; the agency is hot on the trail of the lovers who bought a house near the airport with illicit funds.
Brody confronts the lone survivor among the insurgents that held him, leading Carrie to believe she may be proved right about Brody once and for all - but Brody's reunion with his captor surprises everyone; the agency is hot on the trail of the lovers who bought a house near the airport with funds from a stolen necklace.
Afsal Hamid, Brody's sole surviving captor at the Afghani safe house where he was discovered, was captured by the Pakistani authorities, who have now turned him over to the US government. Estes appoints Saul and Carrie as two of the three people who will interrogate Hamid. It's the third member of the team with who Carrie has issue: Brody. She obviously cannot voice her opposition to Estes. Saul will be in the room with Hamid, while Carrie will guide Brody into appropriate responses for Saul to Hamid. Beyond the possible problem of Brody exposing their personal meeting, Carrie does have the benefit of being able to watch Brody and his own reaction to what Hamid says or does. Brody himself tries to negotiate a face-to-face with Hamid himself. The information the interrogation team gets out of Hamid surprises Carrie, but it's the aftermath of that interrogation that may surprise Carrie and Saul even more. The situation of the interrogation takes a toll on the personal lives of all three of the interrogators.
The only surviving terrorist from the compound where Brody was kept, Asfal Hamid, is found in Islamabad and transferred to U.S. custody. David Estes decides that he is to be interrogated by Carrie, Saul Berenson and - over Carrie's objections - Brody. As far as Saul is concerned it will give them an opportunity to observe Brody in high stress environment. At the interrogation Brody identifies him as his guard and provides background as to how he treated him. The CIA doesn't let him speak to the prisoner but Carrie notes his reaction when Abu Nazir is mentioned. Hamid gives them an email address that eventually leads the to Raqim Faisel, the university professor on their list of suspects. Brody talks Estes into letting speak to Hamid and Carrie thinks it must have had something to do with what followed.
