Carrie learns that even in its crippled state, the CIA can still exercise power when needed. Dana goes AWOL, forcing Jessica to call the police. Saul and Fara follow the money trail to an unexpected location and Carrie has a meeting.
Carrie hopes to be released given effective medication and family support, but sees both as sabotage. Paul Franklin's law firm however gets her released for a day, so they can offer her freedom and an end to the freezing of her assets (so she must crash with and steal from a friend) in exchange for 'consulting' their client, implied Iran, on the sixfold CIA-vengeance-killings, just as Saul hoped. Leo Carras sneaks out of the mental institution for a wild drive with enamored Dana, confiding about his kid brother's suicide, but Mike Faber finds out he has darker secrets. Meanwhile the Venezuelan money trace shows Iranian Revolutionay Guard secret service chief Majid has been stealing a fortune from government funds and laundering them trough a football (soccer) team.
Carrie is appearing at a hearing to determine if she is fit to be released from the psychiatric hospital. She believes she has done everything right to get released, with all signs pointing to that her medical team will recommend her release. However, external forces are working behind the scenes, one set who are determined to keep Carrie in the hospital, with another set determined to get Carrie released but on their terms and not hers. Carrie will learn which side is more powerful, or at least can manipulate the system the best to their advantage. In the process, Carrie has to figure out she can both trust and who is not being monitored by the two respective sides. Following Saul's advice, Fara Sherazi has been following the small money trails, which Saul believe will lead to one big pot of money. In doing so, Fara has indeed found that large pot of money. She doesn't know specifically who is manipulating the funds but has an educated guess. She and Saul come up with a likely theory despite it seeming somewhat unlikely on the surface. Leo is able to escape from the institution, and he and Dana run off in Jessica's car. While Dana and Leo deal together with recent issues in their lives, Mike helps Jess find out what may have happened to the pair. Mike discovers some disturbing information about Leo's hospitalization as opposed to the alternative.
