Carrie reunites with Brody, but the circumstances are more difficult than either of them could have imagined. Meanwhile Saul gets a win from an unlikely source, and Dana grapples with her new life away from home.
Quinn's team discovers that Saul's wife's lover is Mossad agent, who interviewed senator Andrew Lockhart. Saul uses this information, enough for a press scandal, to blackmail his successor in agreeing to delay the CIA director take-over several months. Only now equally discredited Carrie, who recovers from Quinn's expert shot fast, is told that Brody has been found and repatriated from Caracas as part of a daring plan, for which she must help motivate him. After a military team rehabilitates the drug addict, he's to be introduced by double agent Javadi, as a PR boon, to the Iranian secret service chief and assassin him, so Javadi can move up to number three in the republican power pyramid as his presumed successor.
Saul has returned from Caracas with Brody, who is not in good shape as he is hooked on painkillers. Saul and Dar need Brody clean in ten days by going cold turkey, his caregivers who state that it will take at least two weeks. Dar suggests an accelerated method with severe side effects. The ten day time-frame is due to getting Brody back into play before Senator Lockhart's confirmation hearings begin. The result of some surveillance work that Virgil and Max conduct for Saul may buy Sal and Dar some time in the matter. Meanwhile, Carrie is recuperating from the gunshot wound in a naval hospital, the baby who is unharmed. She learns from Lockhart about Saul's trip to Caracas, Lockhart who is unaware of the nature of the trip, while Carrie knows that it was to see Brody. Saul does confirm to Carrie that he has brought Brody back. Saul wants Carrie's help in convincing Brody to go back into service for them. Carrie eventually agrees, she using some information at her disposal in the matter. Through these issues, Saul and Carrie realize that they have largely lost trust in each other, each who will have to earn back that trust.
