As station chief in Kabul, Carrie makes a critical decision when her counterpart in Islamabad delivers urgent intelligence. Back in the States, Saul struggles to adjust to his new role in the private sector.
As CIA section chief in Kabul, Carrie ignores warnings about major collateral damage to sanction a drone strike on a hard-to-find Taliban leader, resulting in mass killings at a wedding in his family in Pakistan, which she calls their own risk. Orphaned moderate med student Aayan Ibrahim, the target's cousin, recorded the attack on video, which his relative Rahim posted on Internet behinds Ayyan's back. CIA informer-handler Sandy Bachman's identity becomes public and he's lynched by a mob, Quinn shoots two assailants during a disastrous attempt with Carrie to extract Sandy. CIA director Andrew Lockhart recalls both during the scandal investigation and orders Carrie to stay in the US, but Quinn gives her a tip to question archive-buried collaborator Hank Wonham.
Carrie is now CIA section chief in Kabul, Afghanistan working on the Taliban file. With Sandy Bachman, Islamabad, Pakistan section chief, providing much of the intel, Carrie primarily is to check off the names on the kill list. The latest target on that kill list is Haissam Haqqani in Islamabad. With the Pakistani government in the know, Carrie's team is able to carry out a bombing which does indeed kill Haqqani. However, forty civilians attending a wedding at that site are also apparently killed in the process. While she tries to find out the validity of these wedding party and civilian death claims, Carrie tries to justify her actions in ordering this strike while she also tries to figure out why Sandy's intel would have been faulty when it has always been accurate. Despite having assurances that the Pakistani government was in the know about the strike, both Martha Boyd, the US ambassador to Pakistan, and CIA Director Lockhart have to do damage control, which means bringing Carrie in to Islamabad for a debrief. Some of the victims are family members of university student Aayan Ibrahim, who narrowly avoided being killed himself. While he is still in shock over his loss, his activist friends want to hold those who dropped the bomb to account. And Saul is now working for a defense contractor in New York City, this move in an effort to support Mira in her life and give their marriage a real shot at succeeding. But with the Taliban file gaining traction and news of this latest strike hitting the airwaves, Saul may begin to get itchy feet in not being able to control the situation to his satisfaction.
