Carrie continues her hunt for Nazir, with her suspicions turning to inside the agency. Roya reveals her true colors under interrogation. Saul finds himself fighting for his career under the most unexpected circumstances.
Exhaustion all around. Carrie tracks Abu Nazir through the abandoned factory where she had been a hostage, but he slips away. Teams of FBI find nothing, so Carrie suspects that someone on the team has helped Nazir escape. She interrogates Roya and prompts an outburst. Estes puts Saul through a lie detector test with the promise of wrapping him in red tape. After Dana throws a fit, Brody, Jess, and the kids are released from protective custody; back at their house, Brody decides it's time to tell Jessica the truth.
Abu Nazir seems to have escaped mysteriously, so there must be a traitor. Carrie viciously accuses and abuses Dany Galvez, just for being a Muslim, until Peter steps in. Then she rushes back to the abandoned factory tunnel complex and stops the last SWAT team about to leave. They find Abu Nazir, who kills an armed man, is hunted down and commits suicide. The Brodys can finally leave the safe-house, which unreasonable Dana made hell, but the marital rift is no longer fixable. Meanwhile Estes has arranged a hostile lie detector test designed to provide munition to eliminate Saul one way or another. Roya Hammad doesn't break.
Following Walden's death, Brody and Carrie cannot be forthcoming to their respective circles of what transpired to cause the death, which includes how Carrie "escaped" from Abu Nazir. Although concerned about what Abu Nazir might say, Carrie still remains determined to capture him. However, they cannot find Abu Nazir, who seems to have slipped through their supposedly impenetrable security. Being this close to capturing Abu Nazir may end up clouding Carrie's judgment in figuring out how he got through their security, and in dealing with Roya for information concerning him. The Brody family is still at the safe house, its confines which takes their toll on Brody, Jess and Dana in different ways. These problems also manifest themselves in different ways, which results in Brody and Jess making some decisions about their family life. And Saul learns that there is a price to pay for snooping into Peter's background, and figuring out why David placed a special ops person into an analyst position for this mission.
The FBI search the factory but Abu Nazir is nowhere to be found. Carrie is certain he had help to escape and focuses on Danny Galvez. Once that is shown to be a false trail Carrie returns to the factory, convinced Nazir has to be there. They find his hideaway and it leads to a confrontation. Back at the CIA, Carrie interrogates Roya Hammad but it doesn't go well. Saul confronts David Estes about his plan and Peter Quinn's true purpose on the team. He is subjected to a lie detector test and it's clear that Estes is setting him up for a fall. Meanwhile, Dana is fed up living in the safe house and let's her father now just what she thinks of him. Once they're back at home, Brody and Jess have a heart to heart talk and both realize their marriage is over.
