Saul finds Carrie hospitalized and manic, but realizes her chaotic theories have merit; before his congressional campaign begins, Brody takes his family on a weekend trip to Gettysburg.
In the wake of the explosion, Saul finds Carrie hospitalized and manic, but realizes her chaotic theories have merit; before his congressional campaign begins, Brody takes his family on a weekend trip to Gettysburg, where he retrieves an important item.
Carrie is about to be released from the hospital, which is good timing for David as he needs her back at work. However as Carrie has been without her anti-psychotic meds since being hospitalized, Saul sees Carrie for the first time in her extreme manic state and eventually learns from Maggie that Carrie is bi-polar, which if the organization knew would mean her job. As such, Maggie and Saul take turns looking after Carrie as she comes down from her high, which Maggie states could take up to a week. So Saul in addition has to provide David with plausible explanations why Carrie has not yet returned to work. Through it all, Saul sees that Carrie still has some extreme clarity in her thinking with regard to Abu-Nazir. But some assistance Carrie asks for from a friend about her thought process may throw all her work out the window. Meanwhile, the Brodys decide to take an overnight vacation to Gettysburg before Brody starts on the campaign trail. What Brody's family is unaware of is the true reason why Brody chose Gettysburg as the vacation site. His ulterior motive may be discovered by Dana, who notices that her father is acting even more unusual than ever on this trip.
Carrie is released from the hospital and is recovering from her wounds but is off her meds and is manic. It's all an eye opener for Saul who has never seen her this way. In all of her ravings, she tells Saul that a single sniper isn't the way Abu Nazir operates and the assassination may just be a sideshow. She also develops a time line of Abu Nazir's activities over a long period of time and finds there is a gap where he virtually disappeared. She contacts Brody to see if he can help but he turns the tables on her. David Estes wants to find the leak. In a meeting, the Vice President tells him to find Walker so he can get on with his election campaign. He also tells him to fire someone. The Brodys go off for a short weekend holiday to Gettysburg. He has another purpose for being there however. Dana begins to suspect something is wrong with her father.
