Carrie is forced to intervene when Fara fails to recruit a key asset. Still reeling over events in Islamabad, Quinn zeroes in on a potential lead.
Blackmailed, the director had to give Carrie the post of Islamabad station chief, passing-over John Redmond, hence a near-hostile deputy. Peter Quinn is depressive, fleeing in alcohol and the chubby arms of his doting landlady, resisting therapy and Dar Adal, but his endless reviewing the footage of Sandy's lynching yields a distressing new theory. The ambassador to Pakistan ordered a lock-down, which Carrie shamelessly circumvents, dragging unamused security staff along. Saul gets a far from warm welcome, yet helps overturning the lock-down, being the ambassador's ex-fiancé. Aayan still shivers after abusive Taliban intimidation, so he refuses sell his drone-decimated family's story to CIA novice Fara Sherazi, who poses as a London-based reporter. Ayaan finds his medicine stash trashed by his girl friend's father, who even falsely reported him as a thief to see him expelled as med student.
Carrie arrives in Islamabad in a tenuous situation. Ambassador Boyd has issued a lock-down of embassy staff in the aftermath of what happened to Sandy, that lock-down which hinders Carrie's ability to do her work. She also finds that she may have to overcome some bad feelings from staff over what happened to Sandy and the fact that the heir apparent, John Redmond, did not get the job which was all but a certainty before Carrie came into the picture. Beyond the problems, Carrie may have a clearer picture of what needs to be done, which includes co-opting Aayan Ibrahim without he knowing she and her associates are CIA. She may get some assistance in these matters from some old friends, one who unexpectedly shows up in Islamabad. Meanwhile back in the States, Peter continues to be unable to cope with his role in what happened to Sandy, with worse yet the implication of his role in why it happened. He continues to have intimate relations with his landlady, who is there emotionally for him without she knowing anything about him. Through it all, he continues to obsess about the actual incident around Sandy's death, multitudes of videos of it which are posted online. He feels that all around it best for him to quit his job, which is easier said than done. However,...
