Months after undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy, former CIA case officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) has made strides towards mental health but her progress is threatened when an asset from her former life comes in from the cold.
It's 2011; Israel bombs five sites in Iran, and the CIA hears rumors of a retaliatory attack within the U.S. When a Lebanese woman offers intelligence but will only speak with Carrie, Estes and Saul are forced to bring her in from the cold for a couple days. (She lives with her sister and father, and she teaches English to immigrants). Once in Beirut, with a Canadian cover, an initial meeting goes wrong. Meanwhile, Brody, now a member of Congress, receives an assignment from a messenger of Abu Nazir. Things have come to a head with Brody's wife, as well, when their daughter has a problem at her new upper-crust, private high school.
Considering their recent past, both Carrie and Brody are doing relatively well in their individual lives, but different events turn both their lives on edge. After being unceremonious dumped from her job at the CIA because of her bipolar disorder and her associated actions, and after she has voluntarily gone through electroshock therapy, Carrie has placed her CIA life behind her. She is recuperating well under the watchful eye of her father and sister, and is teaching an ESL class in the interim. However, she is drawn back into that CIA life by a request from an old friend, due in part to Israel bombing Iran and an old contact coming in from the cold. Carrie has to decide if she will reenter this life, if only temporarily, and if she does whether she is well equipped to handle the stress again without the support of her family. And Brody, elected to Congress, is happy that he can pursue his mission for Abu Nazir from the inside as a politician. This move is strengthened when he is asked by the Vice President if he would like to be considered the second on his ticket in the march to the White House. But Brody is asked via an indirect conduit to do some of his old styled work for Abu Nazir, which he would have a difficult time in declining. And Dana, who has adjusted the least in the family to being the family member of a high profile politician, may inadvertently thwart both her father's Vice Presidential run and her parents' marriage.
Newly-elected Congressman Nicholas Brody gets a visit from Vice President William Walden who sounds him out to be his running mate in the forthcoming election. He agrees to have his name put on the shortlist. Brody is also visited by a journalist who has a message - and a mission - from Abu Nazir. At school, Dana tells some students that her father is a Muslim. They laugh it off but when Brody gets home and admits the truth, Jess go wild. Carrie meanwhile is getting her life back in order and is now working as a teacher. The CIA station in Beirut receives a message from a woman, Fatima Ali, requesting a meeting. When Saul goes to see her, she tells him she will only speak to Carrie.
Months after undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy, former CIA case officer Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) has found a modicum of peace in her family's suburban embrace. But the strides she's made towards mental health are threatened when an asset from her former life comes in from the cold. Meanwhile, freshman Congressman Nick Brody (Damian Lewis) discovers that Abu Nazir may not be content with his nonviolent approach to affecting change in American foreign policy. Brody's daughter Dana lets a vital secret slip.
