Brody heads towards a serious meltdown as he struggles to keep his complicated alliances clear. Against Quinn's orders, Carrie stages a risky intervention to keep Brody in line.
He lies for Carrie. He lies for Roya. And he's still lying to Jessica. Brody heads towards a serious meltdown as he struggles to keep his complicated alliances clear. Against Quinn's orders, Carrie stages a risky intervention to keep Brody in line, forcing both of them to confront their mixed emotions. Meanwhile, Dana turns to an unlikely source for comfort.
Brody reluctantly plays along again, but fears Roya probably reported him unreliable. He still gets a meeting, but is told to drive her to a desolate clearing, where the mystery man is waiting for them. Carrie fears to lose track completely when suddenly a helicopter lands, possibly to abduct Brody, but no clear surveillance is in place. Meanwhile Dana goes wining to Mike, whose nosiness ruffles CIA feathers, but is told to butt out by the grieving family, which accepted a Walden silence payoff.
Brody is at a breaking point, the specific incident causing this break being the CIA not allowing him to go to the police with Dana to report her involvement in the fatal hit-and-run, which has caused a rift between him and Dana, and which was not helped in that Carrie was the face of the CIA in front of Dana. This instability in his thinking does cause problems in his next meeting with Roya. Peter, Saul, Carrie and by association David are in various stages of concern that their work with Brody has now fallen apart. Carrie unilaterally decides to take several measures to bring Brody back on board before any permanent damage is done with his relationship with Roya. Saul, Peter and David all question Carrie's moves to varying degrees, but Peter ultimately has to make the decision to let Carrie play out her moves or not. It is an increasingly difficult call for Peter to make as he witnesses what Carrie is doing. Meanwhile, Dana does whatever she can to ease her conscience about the death, which includes turning to someone somewhat unexpected for emotional support. Dana ultimately finds out that as much as she wants to confess to those that matter, she may only be able to go so far, even left to her own devices.
Brody finds himself in an impossible situation. He took Dana to the police station to report the hit and run but Carrie met him there and made it clear that their deal was off if he went forward. Dana believes her father is a coward and runs off to Mike Faber's house. At home, Jess is no more sympathetic, accusing him of choosing politics over his daughter. He meets Roja and tells her he's finished with her and Abu Nazir and walks away. After spending the night with Carrie he realizes the error of his ways and tries to make amends with Roya. He heads off with her but the CIA lose him when he is taken away by helicopter. A surprise visitor awaits him at his destination. Dana meanwhile visits the hit and run victim's daughter and learns some ugly truths.
