Carrie and Saul reel from the news that Walker is alive as the intelligence community clashes on the best way to capture him; Brody learns a shocking truth about his captivity.
Saul Berenson is convinced that Raquem's caught cahoot Aileen has switched sides and believes her information. Danny Galvez works out heir house was ideal for a sniper to hit the president in Marine One. Brody is suspect-off now his 'buried' mate Tom Walker is believed to be the Al-Qaeda convert mole. He is indeed alive, living as a homeless veteran, but with secret contacts.
The CIA and FBI team up when it is learned that Tom Walker is still alive and is now the primary suspect as the turned POW. Their mission is to find Walker before he carries out his terrorist mission. While the FBI wants to take a direct approach by putting the information into the public realm, Saul and Carrie find what they consider Walker's Achilles Heel, which they think they can exploit: that he calls home when he knows no one will be there just so that he can listen to Helen and Lucas' voices on the answering machine. Their plan is to wait for Walker to call, and get Helen to keep him on the phone so that they can track his whereabouts. The questions are whether Helen will agree and if she does if she can keep her emotions together to keep Tom on the phone long enough to trace the call. Meanwhile, Mira is planning on leaving to head back to Delhi, while Saul tries to convince her to stay. Conversely, Brody heads home after learning that Carrie and his meeting was not by accident and that she thought he was the turned POW. Brody and Jessica clear the air about her relationship with Mike. As such, the Brody's relationship becomes stronger than ever. The lives of the Brodys and Berensons intersect when Elizabeth Gaines invites both to a cocktail party at her house, where she plans on revealing her plan for the next phase of Sergeant Brody's life.
Brody and Jessica make a stab at renewing their marriage. They're surprised to be invited to a party hosted by politico Elizabeth Gaines. They can't help but notice how everyone is nice to them but aren't quite sure why. The CIA and the FBI are now focusing on locating Tom Walker. Saul re-interviews Brody who insists that Walker is dead. Carrie is put in charge of the task force and when Saul notices a number of calls to walker's wife Helen Walker - apparently just to hear her voice - they set up a plan to locate him by his cellphone signal. The operation ends in disaster and they decide to issue a public alert. Carrie tells Brody about his friend being alive.
