On Thanksgiving, Buffy encounters the spirit of a Native American warrior whose people were wiped out by settlers.
It's Thanksgiving and Buffy pushes Giles to host the gang 'as a real American'. Anya finds her lover Xander particularly sexy in his new construction laborer's job, digging a hole during the ceremony for the new Cultural Center at UC Sunnydale, but he falls into an Indian grave inside an old mission, and thus releases the revengeful spirit of the Chumash warrior Hus, who can transform himself into green smoke or various animals. Hus starts his revenge by killing the curator with an 19 century ceremonial Chumash stone knife. The fact that Xander gets the very diseases (sick he seems as erotic to Anya as when sweating bare-chested) the Chumash contracted while virtually enslaved in the Colonial Era. The choice of Hus' victims make Willow, who feels very guilty for the plight of the natives, and Giles, who insists Hus' victims are innocent, realize he must be after historical vengeance. Meanwhile, Riley Finn's military Initiative commando team continues implants rendering vampires unable to bite victims, notably Spike, who is now chased from the Hellmouth by petty Harmony, and seeks refuge at Giles', where he is tied up. Angel is also around again, but insists to Giles and Willow not to tell Buffy. Hus returns to the grave site to awake more Indian spirits, which jointly mount an attack on Giles' home during the dinner, wielding traditional weapons.
During the ceremony of the beginning of a construction of a Cultural Center at UC Sunnydale, Xander digs a hole and falls into an ancient mission, releasing the revengeful spirit of the Chumash Indian warrior Hus (Tod Thawley). Meanwhile, Angel is advised by a friend that Buffy is in danger, and he comes to Sunnydale to protect her. Buffy decided to have a Thanksgiving dinner with her closest friends, Willow and Xander at Giles' home since her mother is out of town visiting an aunt. Surprisingly, Spike comes to the place asking for help just before Hus attacks the group.
